CUPID, THE PRETTY PLOUGHBOY. As I walked out one May morning When May was all in bloom, I went into a meadow so sweet To taste the sweet perfume, I went into a flowery field, I turned my head  the ploughboy Who did my heart beguile. As this young man was ploughing, His furrows deep and low, Breaking his clod to pieces, Some barley for to sow, I wish this pretty ploughboy, My eyes had never seen, 'Twas Cupid the pretty ploughboy. With his arrow sharp and keen. If I should write a letter, My mind to him unfold, Perhaps he'll take it scornful, And say it was full bold. I wish he'd take it kinder, Return my heart again, 'Tis Cupid the pretty ploughboy, With his arrow sharp and keen. A worthy rich young gentleman, A courting to me came, And because I would not marry him, My parents did me blame. Adieu young man for ever. Farewell, for ever, adieu. 'Tis Cupid the pretty ploughboy, Has caused my heart to rue. The ploughboy hearing the lady, Most sadly to complain, Cried I, my dearest jewel, I will ease you of your pain. If you will wed a ploughboy, For ever I will prove true, 'Tis you my heart have wounded, And I love none but you. The lady soon consented, To be his lawful bride, And then they went unto the church, And there the knot was tied, So now they live in pleasure, For they have gold in store The lady and the ploughboy Each other do adore.  and listen unto me,  concerning Monroe. May true liberty through the nation still flow, Now hear how they took and beheaded Munroe. Where you at the battle of Ballinahinch, When the country all gather'd to stand their de-fence-When the country all gather'd to prove their overthrow, When commanded by Clokey and Gen. Munroe. My name is George Clokey, my age is nineteen, In many a battle and skirmish I've been, And many the dangers I did undergo, When commanded by Clokey and Gen. Munroe. Munroe took the mountains, his men took the field, And swore to tyrants they never would yield Let the firing of  never daunt us so, When commanded by Clokey and Gen. Munroe. Munroe being wearied, and wanted to sleep, He gave a woman ten guineas the secret to keep, When she got the money she just served him so, And sent for the army, and surrounded Munroe. If you'd seen the cavalry when they came there, Their horses did caper and prance iu the rear The traitor being with them as your all do know Out of a haystack they haul'd poor Munroe. Munroe was taken and brought to the hall, He thought to escape but he could not at all, They marched him to Lisburn without any delay And put his head on a spear the very same day. In comes his sister well clothed in green, A sword by her side, long, sharp, and keen, Three cheers she did give, and away she did go, Saying, I'll have revenge for my brother Munroe Munroe he was taken and brought to a tree, Farewell to my wife and children three, There is nothing that grieves me but liberty also, And that was the end of General Munroe.  by W. S. FORTEY, Monmouth Court, Seven Dials. The Oldest and Cheapest House in the World for Ballads 4,000 sorts . Children's Books, Song Books, 