 -H. P. SUCH, Machine Printer Publisher, 177, Union-street, Borough, ISLE. C OME all you pretty maidens one moment draw near, And a tale of true love you quickly shall hear In the land of sweet Erin a damsel did smile, They called her pretty Kate of the Emerald Isle. She was gay, young and handsome, attractive and keen, A blooming young damsel about seventeen She was courted by a ploughboy who on her did smile, Was bonny young Kate of the Emerald Isle. He was envied by squires and lords of renown, On the hills with her lover she often sat down, While the birds on the bushes did chatter awhile, Dennis loved bonny Kate of the Emerald Isle. As they tript o'er the meadows one morning so soon, When the pink and the violet were all in full bloom, There a blooming young rose on the lovers did smile, A young squire met Kate of the Emerald Isle. He said, blooming damsel, can I make so bold, To desire your hand-I've ten thousand in gold, I'll deck you with jewels while fortune shall smile, Oh no, replied Kate of the Emerald Isle. From my true love Dennis I never will part, He has gained my affections and lives in my heart, Neither diamonds or jewels shall e'er me beguile, While my name's bonny Kate of the Emerald Isle. Then to church they repaired and the bells they did And the birds in the bushes did merrily sing ring, In a neat little cottage young Dennis did smile On his bonny young Kate of the Emerald  river that springs in the West, With daisy-clad banks and mountains so green, And purling fine streams no man can contest, Where the salmon and trout in plenty are seen. The sun from the east the hills doth adorn, The lambs sweetly sporting on each pleasant morn, And the huntsman he starts with the hounds and the horn, To chase the bold fox on the banks of the Lee. On a pleasant May morn it's there you would see, The lads and the lasses most cheerful and gay, Enjoying each other in mirth and sweet glee, And the birds in sweet concert to welcome in May. See the beautiful Mardyke where thousands go walking, Round Sunday's well so delightful and charming, Where health is restored on a fine summer's morning, By the wholesome fine air on the banks of the Lee. On the banks of the Lee the angler finds pleasure, Casting his fly by his judgment and skill, Each purling fine stream he can fish at his leisure, The salmon and trout he is sure for to kill. The lark and sweet linnet to the sportsman give pleasure, The blackbird and thrush in full concert together, The woodcock, the partridge, the grouse, and the plover, The fowler can net on the banks of the Lee. See the beautiful prospect from Cove to the city, No nation in Europe such a landscape can show, Surrounded by groves and improvements so pretty, Glanmire, Blackrock, and the Brickfields also. The ships full of merchandize coming and going, The natives with music so pleasantly boasting, And the sweet bells of Shandon so pleasantly tolling, To crown their delight on the banks of the Lee. I cross'd  the Nore, the Suir, and the Liffey, The Slaney, Blackwater, and sweet river Bann, And never found any so pleasing or pretty, Tho' poets are boasting of them every one And to tell you the truth there's nothing could please me, No  no pastime, no amusement could ease me, Till I came to the spot where nature had reared me, Once more for to sport on the banks of the Lee.