 plain to you the fact remains, That talents great I always choose 'em, And that I'm well stock'd with brains, And very well know how to use 'em, I've prov'd myseif a man of sense, Of cunning too, with science teeming-So you'il allow ere I go hence, I'm not so simple  I'm seeming. And thus, etc.  Tune-Murphy's Weather Eye. Some people think that they can judge, Man's temper by his cast of features-But sure their system is all fudge, To prove such folks but stupid creatures, For if he has a clownish face, A phiz with ignorance all teeming, Yet by his actions you may trace, He's not so simyle as he's seeming, And so it is, indeed, with I, For though I look as if I'm dreaming, It is because I'm rather shy, I'm not so simple as I'm seeming. For I can walk each London Street, Sure and certain slow or faster-And 'tis seldom that I meet, With anyihing like a disaster Except, perhaps, I get knoek'd down, By folks that rudely on are streaming-And though I get a broken crown, I'm not so simple as I'm seaming. And thus etc. I often lose my hat and cloak, My whip, my cane, my new umbrella, A fact that isn't any joke, Because I'm such a careful fel!ow, They steal my pocket-book and pelf, I lose my watch to aid the seheming But yet I never lose myself, I'm not so simple as I'm seeming. And thus, etc. O ne afternoon I met a man, Who seem'd quite struck with recollection, Says he, ' Dear sir try if you can, Remember me, upen reflection.' Though I'd not seen his face  he was honest I was deeming  him twenty pounds and  not so simple as I'm seeming. And thus, etc. And once I raahly fell in love, With neighbour Wilson's only daughter. And though to save myself I strove, Yet little Cupid gave no quarter, But in her presence how absurd ! With love I felt that I was teeming-But la ! I couldn't say a word, I'm not so simple as I'm seeming. And thus, etc. One day I went to take a stroll, And through the fields poor I was straying, On coming to a grassy knell, I saw some children who were playing, But oh ! they ali well larrup'd me, Till from my eyes the tears were streaming ! And then they tied me to a tree, I'm not so simple as I'm seeming, And thus, etc. GATHER YE ROSEBUDS. Gather ye rose buds while ye may, Old time is still a flying, And that same flower which blooms to day, To-morrow may be dying. The gloriious lamp, or Heavenly Sun, The higher he is getting, The sooner will his  be run, Nearer to east is setting. Then gather, c. When in the days of youth and love, The heart with joy is glowing, O remember age will soon remove, Those  now are flowing, Then be not coy, use your time, As you may go marry, For having lost but once your prime, You may for ever tarry. Then gather, c. William Jaekson Son, l.  Russell, Prin-ters, Moor-street, 