 But I always lived a holy life, And, sir, you need not wonder,-I never saw a Papist yet, I would not kill or plunder. I killed and slew by William's rule, Their goods I confiscated, And like a faithful Orangeman, I never deviated. St. Peter.-Begone from hence ! your hand is stain'd With blood of many Martyrs ! For vengeance now to God they cry, You would not give them quarter. You disobeyed the laws of God, And holy will of Jesus, Which for the same you're doomed to  In everlasting blazes. Orangeman. Be not so harsh but do go back, And tell the brave King William, That anxiously I here now wait, With news I've got to tell him Or Luther, Calvin, they will do, Elizabeth or Harry,-Cranmer, Wickcliffe, Knox, or Fox, They know from whence I tarry. St. Peter.-There is none of them dwell in this place, Or of their generation, In sorrow they are doom'd to dwell For ever in d-mn-t-n. God's annointed they have slew, In gaols for years confined them, So in the hellish shades of night, For ever you must join them. Orangeman. Oh ! do I pray some pity take, I made a clear confession, And for me to the God within, Do make an intercession. For I would live till the great day, In purgatory's region, I'd rather bear it ten times o'er, Then join your hellish legion. St. Peter.-It's all in vain it is too late, For you to plead in favour But like your brother heretics, In hell's your doom for ever. You did not pray to me in time, That doctrine you are scorning, So you must go to dwell in night, That never has a morning. PRINTED FOR  fading Sol had closed the day, And night was fast approaching, An Orangeman, in grief he lay, For death at him was nearing. His mighty deeds he did reveal, Of murder and of slaughter,r, The Sacrilege of Priest and Church, Since William cross'd the Water. But the icy hand,  deadly grip, Soon stop'd his conversation. And the naked soul obliged to slip, The seat of her ruination To seek the mighty throne above, Where glories lie unshaken, To give the SIGN, and enter in, Alas ! he was mistaken. Great knocking at the gate was heard, And not a word was spoken, Till Peter, with the keys in hand, The gate he came to open But looking through-he saw there stand, An orange son of Luther, And in these words, he then address'd, The infamous vile intruder. St. Peter.-What are you ? from whence ? be quick ! What was your rank or station ? Where is the BRAND upon your face Of Holy Consecration ? I fear you are a Heretic, And did not get anointed Which is the PASS you should have got From those whom God appointed ? Orangeman. In truth I am an Orangeman, No Papist thought I harbour, I never harken'd to a Priest, Nor bow'd before his altar. But since my life on earth began, These foolish rites I hated, And strictly harken'd to the law, That Luther consecrated. I never pray unto a saint, Nor beg'd of him a favour To reach this place by Virgin's tears, I never did endeavour. I never bended on my knees, Performed in any station, Nor vet I never did believe, 