Fortunate SAILOR, OR The  story, a story to you I will tell, Concerning a sailor that's known very well, Concerning a sailor that's very well known, Who is ragged and patched like one that is poor. When that he had landed he bethought him of a plot, And went unto a alehouse where he used to lodge at, You're welcome home dear Johnny, you're welcome home from sea, You're welcome home dear Johnny, said the landlady so free. Last night my daughter Molly was dreaming of thee, And your daughter Molly I could wish to see. For I have had a bad misfortune, my ship and cargo is lost, And on the briny ocean my fortune has been crost. Bring in a pot of beer and sit down by me, Fetch down your daughter Molly and set her on my knee My daughter Molly's busy John, and cannot come to you Neither will I credit you with one pot or two. Johnny being drowsv he hung down his head, He called for a  to light him to bed, My beds they're engaged, and have been all the week, Therefore for fresh lodgings you must seek, If to a fresh lodging you force me to go, Tell me what I owe you and I will pay you now. It is five and forty shillings John, you owe to me of old With that John pulled out his two hands full of gold. The sight of the gold the landlady knew not what to She said John sit down while I go and fetch some drink If Johnny was in earnest, I vow I was in jest, Of all young men in this world I love young Johny best The green bed is empty, and as been all this week, You and my daughter Molly may take a pleasant sleep, Before I would lay within your house I would lay upon the floor. For if I had no money you'd have turned me  of doors But I have money in my pocket, I can sing, drink, rant, and roar, While the brown jugs and glasses come tumbling to the floor, Come all you brisk young sailors that ploughs the raging main, Who are getting your money through stormy winds and rain, Be careful of your money boys and lay it up in store, For when all your money's gone, they will kick you out of  Old England's emblem is the rose, There is no other flower, Hath half the graces that adorn. The beauty of that flower, And Englands daughters are as fair, As any bud that blows, What son of her's who has not loved, Some Bonny English Rose. Who hath not heard of one sweet flower The first among the fair, For whose welfare a British, Hath breath'd a fervent prayer, O, may it never be her lot, To lose that sweet repose, That peace of mind which blesses now, The Bonny English Rose. If any bold enough there be, To war 'gainst England's Isle. They soon shall find for British hearts What charms hath woman's smile. Thus nerv'd the thunder of their arms, Would teach aspiring foes, How vain the power that defies, The Bonny English Rose ! Now heaven decrees her to the throne,  the nation's prayer, That in each joy she had not known, Her heart may ever share, That health may long light up her brow, And as time onward flows, It still may be our pride to sing, The Bonny English Rose. Beneath her sway may every land, Where she dominions holds, Be happy as the glorious isles Where Freedom's flag unfolds, From sea to shore, from shore to sea, The song of gladness, And oh, may heaven for ever bless, The Bonny English Rose. Jackson Son, late J. Russell, Prin ters, Moor-street, 