 say Bill, Vell Vot rum coves them lords are, vy they actually call one another not gen-tlemen to their face with impunity. Here it says in the Advertiser that our Lord Brougham begins his speech by saying My lords   now if he don't consider lords to be gentlemen, which they are not he might think and say nothing, cause vy vot a fool a prig would to peach against himself. Vy I say Bill Vy is our Premier called Sir Robert Peel ? In vain the queery  my brain ranges, Vy ? Cause vy On poor folks he can ring the changes, Good so help my tater, For a bob oft to Wauxhall I go, And flare up vith my voman there, Like other Dons valks to and fro, And at the lamps with amazement stare, And vhen keen hunger I am  To the  shop I valks straightway, And for two  pays one shilling, But vhen you're out expect to pay. Spoken-I'm blowed Tom, arnt that a rum cove lit up with warygated lamps, with his hat in one hand stick in t'other and  his leg hack as if he  kicking a dog to the devil ? Vy cant you be respectable now you're out  blow me if I had him  upon my tater can wouldn't he be a draw I beg your pardon sir, I do not wish to insult you, not by no means, but you have taken my young wo-man there. Oh my  sir I  ten thousand par-dons but you see it was a Miss-take. O my eyes, Sam, look how them  are  round   shop but  like to pay vat  vants.  I had my tater can here wouldn't I bawl out-Flare up, c.  can, With regular flare up lamps at top, The greatest swell of all I am, And the gals to buy of me all stop Vith my lilly tile and toggery gay, And silver ticker's all the rub, Vich I takes care to sport all day, Vhile cutting up the salted  taters all hot, smoking hot, hot ! hot ! Here you are my rum  none of the paxey vaxey sort, regular baker's heads rolled in flower, no going round oyster stalls begging the candle scrapings for butter. No, no, I don't do it that ere vay, I sport slap up fresh butter, pepper, salt and all for a brown. Flare up my rum'uns buy my kids, Sport your ochre while you can, Two a penny now who  To the cove wot keeps a tater can. I leads a very steady life, And how I does it you shall hear, Vhen I've done with taters and  Play at knock em downs for pots of beer, But vhen my pleasure I'd be  Calls on Poll who ne'er says nay, And vhen her dress she's done arranging, Ve have a tanner's vorth at the play. Spoken-Flare up Poll, Order there pitch him over Vill you pitch him over ? Let me catch you at my tater stand if I don't shove a second hand one down your throat without  butter, blow me order bravo Wale. I say my covey which actor would you like to be Wale ? I wouldn't like to be-wail any one. Good, so help my tater. Flare up, c. On Sunday I'm the werry don Of tater merchants you would say, Vith my slap up toggery on, I sports my carcase every where, At night to the gatter shop I valks, Just to pass the time away, And about the vorld ve alvays talks, Vile sporting our yards of clay.  lad was I, I knew 'twas hard to earn reward but thought at least I'd try, So I said I'll-not dispair-but I'll do my duty there-Thot was the way with me my boys when first I went to sea. When waves ran mountains high, I felt a little queer, But then I thought how Rodney fought and he became a Peer, So I said why shouldn't I be a Peer before I die, Thot was the way with me my boys when first I went to sea. When taking Captain's pay it seemed to me unfair, To tell the crew brave lads to do what I did not dare, So wherever danger lay I sought to lead the way, That was the way with me my boys when first I went to sea. It was oft my happy lot a drowning man to save, To fly to swim to rescue him when struggling with the wave, Down whether drest or not I darted like a shot, That was the way with me my boys when first I went to sea. A rich reward to gain we landed at Algiers, We made the Dey for his crimes to pay with the house about his ears, We broke the captives' chains ne'er to be forged again, O what a glorious close my boys to a  life at sea. Jackson and Son, Printers, 69, Digbeth, 