THE  There was a man tho' it's not very common, And as people say he was born of a woman, And if  be true as I have been told, He never war a mere infant but age made him old. His face war the oddest that ever was seen, His mouth stood across, 'twixt his nose and his chin, Whenever he spoke it was then with his voice, And in talking he always made some sort of noise. He'd arm on each side to work when he pleas'd, but he newer work'd hard whe n he lived at his ease, Two legs he had got to make him  And what war more odd at each end were his feet. His legs as folks say he could move at his will, And when he was walking he never stood still, If  war to see him you would laugh till you burst, For one leg or t'other would always be first. And as some people say, if you  him some meat, Why if he was hungry he surely would eat.  when he is dry, if you give him the pot, The liquor most commonly put down his throat. If the whimym fellow had a river to cross, If he could not get  he stayed were  seldom or never got off the dry ground, So great was his luck, that he never got drowned. Another misfortune befel this poor yeoman, For when he was married his wife was a woman, And if you believe me, why he was releved, You may surely ever think he never was with child. And if it be true, as I have heard tell. When he were sick, he was not very well, He gave a last gasp, opened his mouth so wide, By some means this poor fellow died. But the reason he died, and the cause of his death, Was poor soul, for the want of more breath, And now he is left in the ground for to moulder, Had he lived a day longer, he'd been a day  It's you bonnie banks and you bonnie braes, Where the men shines bright and bonnie, Where land my  love went out to gaze, On the bonnie banks of Benlomond. Tis you'll take the high road and I'll take the low road, And I'll be in Scotland before you For I and my true love shall never meet again, On the bonnie banks of Benlomond. Tis not for hardships that I must endure, Nor leaving of Bonlomond But 'tis for the leaving of my comrades  And the bonnie lad that I love so dearly. With his bonnie lace shoes his buckles so clear, And his plaid o'er his shoulder hung so rarely One glance of his eyes would banish dull care, So handsome the looks of my Charlie. But as long as I live, and as long as i breathe, I will sing to his memory fairly, My true is  by the arrows of death, And now Flora laments for Charlie. J. WELLS, 