 -H. P. SUCH, Machine Printer and Publisher, 177, Union-street,  world is this, upon my life Men are a set of foolish elves, They all sing out they want a wife, When they can hardly help themselves Now I was once that way inclined, But women I've found out, oh, la ! Now tell me if you'll be so kind, What men and women get married for. Fol de rol, c. A friend of mine the other day, Took unto himself a wife, But, oh dear me, I am sorry to say, They lead a very wretched life They had a row and sold their sticks, To get divorced they've gone to law, But she swears she'll stick to him like bricks, Well, what did they get married for ? Now suppose a good wife you have got, But there is very few of those,  money goes just like a shot, They're everlasting wanting clothes And when they have got all they can, And find they can't get any more, They will say, ' Do you call yourself a man ? Well, what did you get married for ? The ladies also do complain, They cannot ever gad about, They cannot even take a drain, Or their husband's sure to find them out. It's not at all that they're afraid To take a drop of something raw, But if you wish to die an old maid, What the devil did you get married for ? It is not only clothes they want, But you of course must take them out To see the cap and bonnet shops, 'Tis there they like to walk about Oh come, my dear, it's very cold, Come buy for me this nice new boa, And if you're cross and begin to scold, She'll say, What did you get married for ? So young men and women take my advice, A single life is far the best, For whether up, or whether in bed, They cannot let one-another rest. Come move a little, Jack, I can't, my dear, for I'm against the wall And if to your wife you turn your back, She will say, What did you get married for ? I COMES from Bankside you must know, And coalheaving I follers, The chaps all call me Nobby Joe, I'm a cove as never hollers But I hates a chap as makes a row, And a girl I can't a-bear, But vot I'm going to speak of now Is, Have you seen my Sarah ? Bankside is the spot, Never out of coller, There you'll find a nobby lot Of coves that never holler. One night we met-'twas in a crowd, I thought that she would shun me, But No, she said, I am not proud, And cast sheep's eyes upon me. Don't talk of dancing more, I beg, No opera can come near her, And as for standing on one leg-They're pickles aside o' Sarah. There's not a singer in the town, With such a charming voice, sirs, You can hear her well from Horsleydown, Bang up to Charing Cross, sirs Her hunting songs are all the go, You should hear her ' Tantarara, ' Whoop, whoop, and Tallyho, Where's the voice like Sarah's ? And when we're dull I must infer, To mirth she'll soon restore us She chants the Jolly Waggoner, And can't she sing out Chorus ! The pipes and baccy then go round, The gatter then they bear her, She drinks till she sprawls on the ground, She likes her beer-does Sarah. She stands six feet within an inch, And if I attempts to thrash her, She can go in, sirs, at a pinch, A regular Tipton Slasher. She floors the Peelers too, in shoals, The Bobbies can't abear her, And as for carrying sacks of coals, There's none comes up to Sarah. She squints with both eyes in her  Her nose is like a parrots, And all her hair it is as red As any bunch of carrots. We have no children, straight or halt, Some have a host like Pharaoh's I knows quite well it's not my fault, So in course it must be Sarah's. She takes an ounce of snuff a day, And I warrant fore the night's out, She puts a dozen quarts of beer away, And smokes a dozen pipes out. For bacca I just now did roam, To the shop of Dan O' Hara, So good night, chaps, I'm going home, To smoke a pipe with Sarah. NO. 171.