 and other Attendants.  Solinus, to procure my fall And by the doom of death end woes and all. Duke.Merchant of Syracuse, plead no more I am not partial to infringe our laws The enmity and discord which of late Sprung from the rancorous outrage of your duke To merchants, our well-dealing countrymen, Who wanting guilders to redeem their lives Have seal'd his rigorous statutes with their bloods, Excludes all pity from our threatening looks. For, since the mortal and intestine jars 'Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us, It hath in solemn synods been decreed, Both by the Syracusians and ourselves, To admit no traffic to our adverse towns Nay, more, If any born at Ephesus be seen At any Syracusian marts and fairs Again if any Syracusian born Come to the bay of Ephesus, he dies, His goods confiscate to the duke's dispose, Unless a thousand marks be levied, To quit the penalty and to ransom him. Thy substance, valued at the highest rate, Cannot amount unto a hundred marks Therefore by law thou art condemn'd to die. AEge.Yet this my comfort when your words are done, My woes end likewise with the evening sun. Duke.Well, Syracusian, say in brief the cause Why thou departed'st from thy native home And for what cause thou camest to Ephesus, AEge.A heavier task could not have been imposed Than I to speak my griefs unspeakable Yet, that the world may witness that my end Was wrought by nature, not by vile offence, I'll utter what my sorrows give me leave. In Syracusa was I born, and wed Unto a woman, happy but for me, And by me, had not our hap been bad. With her I lived in joy our wealth increased By prosperous voyages I often made To Epidamnum till my factor's death And the great care of goods at random left Drew me from kind embracements of my spouse From whom my absence was not six months old Before herself, almost at fainting under The pleasing punishment that women bear, Had made provision for her following me And soon and safe arrived where I was. There had she not been long but she became A joyful mother of two goodly sons And, which was strange, the one so like the other As could not be distinguish'd but by names. That very hour, and in the self-same inn, A meaner woman was delivered Of such a burden, male twins, both alike Those,-for their parents were exceeding poor,-~I bought and brought up to attend my sons. My wife, not meanly proud of two such boys, Made daily motions for our home return Unwilling I agreed alas! too soon, We came aboard. A league from Epidamnum had we sail'd, Before the always wind-obeying deep Gave any tragic instance of our harm But longer did we not retain much hope For what obscured light the heavens did grant Did but convey unto our fearful minds A doubtful warrant of immediate death Which though myself would gladly have embraced, Yet the incessant weepings of my wife, Weeping before for what she saw must come, And piteous plainings of the pretty babes, That mourn'd for fashion, ignorant what to fear, Forced me to seek delays for them and me. And this it was, for other means was none The sailors sought for safety by our boat, And left the ship, then sinking-ripe, to us My wife, more careful for the latter-born, Had fasten'd him unto a small spare mast, Such as seafaring men provide for storms To him one of the other twins was bound, Whilst I had been like heedful of the other The children thus disposed, my wife and I, Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fix'd, Fasten'd ourselves at either end the mast And floating straight, obedient to the stream, Was carried towards Corinth, as we thought. At length the sun, gazing upon the earth, Dispersed those vapors that offended us And, by the benefit of his wished light, The seas wax'd calm, and we discovered Two ships from far making amain to us, Of Corinth that, of Epidaurus this But ere they came,-O, let me say no more! Gather the sequel by that went before. Duke.Nay, forward, old man do not break off so For we may pity, though not pardon thee. AEge.O, had the gods done so, I had not now Worthily term'd them merciless to us! For, ere the ships could meet by twice five leagues, We were encounter'd by a mighty rock Which being violently borne upon, Our helpful ship was splitted in the midst So that, in this unjust divorce of us, Fortune had left to both of us alike What to delight in, what to sorrow for. Her part, poor soul! seeming as burdened With lesser weight but not with lesser woe, Was carried with more speed before the wind And in our sight they three were taken up By fishermen of Corinth, as we thought. At length, another ship had seized on us And, knowing whom it was their hap to save, Gave healthful welcome to their shipwreck'd guests And would have reft the fishers of their prey, Had not their bark been very slow of sail And therefore homeward did they bend their course. Thus have you heard me sever'd from my bliss That by misfortunes was my life prolong'd, To tell sad stories of my own mishaps. Duke.And, for the sake of them thou sorrowest for, Do me the favor to dilate at full What hath befall'n of them and thee till now. AEge.My youngest boy, and yet my eldest care, At eighteen years became inquisitive After his brother and importuned me That his attendant-so his case was like, Reft of his brother, but retain'd his name-~Might bear him company in the quest of him Whom whilst I labor'd of a love to see, I hazarded the loss of whom I loved. Five summers have I spent in furthest Greece, Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia, And, coasting homeward, came to Ephesus Hopeless to find, yet loath to leave unsought Or that or any place that harbors men. But here must end the story of my life And happy were I in my timely death, Could all my travels warrant me they live. Duke.Hapless AEgeon, whom the fates have mark'd To bear the extremity of dire mishap! Now, trust me, were it not against our laws, Against my crown, my oath, my dignity, Which princes, would they, may not disannul, My soul should sue as advocate for thee. But, though thou art adjudged to the death And passed sentence may not be recall'd But to our honor's great disparagement, Yet I will favor thee in what I can. Therefore, merchant, I'll limit thee this day To seek thy life by beneficial help Try all the friends thou hast in Ephesus Beg thou, or borrow, to make up the sum, And live if no, then thou art doom'd to die Gaoler, take him to thy custody. Gaol.I will, my lord. AEge.Hopeless and helpless doth AEgeon wend, But to procrastinate his lifeless end.  Syracuse, and  give out you are of Epidamnum, Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate. This very day a Syracusian merchant Is apprehended for arrival here And not being able to buy out his life According to the statute of the town, Dies ere the weary sun set in the west. There is your money that I had to keep. Ant. S.Go bear it to the Centaur, where we host, And stay there, Dromio, till I come to thee. Within this hour it will be dinner-time Till that, I'll view the manners of the town, Peruse the traders, gaze upon the buildings, And then return and sleep within mine inn, For with long travel I am stiff and weary. Get thee away. Dro. S.Many a man would take you at your word, And go indeed, having so good a  trusty villain, sir, that very oft, When I am dull with care and melancholy, Lightens my humor with his merry jests. What, will you walk with me about the town, And then go to my inn and dine with me First Mer.I am invited, sir, to certain merchants, Of whom I hope to make much benefit I crave your pardon. Soon at five o'clock, Please you, I'l meet with you upon the mart And afterward consort you till bed-time My present business calls me from you now. Ant. S.Farewell till then I will go lose myself And wander up and down to view the city. Mer.Sir, I commend you to your own content.  that commends me to mine own content Commends me to the thing I cannot get. I to the world am like a drop of water That in the ocean seeks another drop, Who, falling there to find his fellow forth, Unseen, inquisitive, confounds himself So I, to find a mother and a brother, In quest of them, unhappy, lose myself. Enter  comes the almanac of my true date. What now how chance thou art return'd so soon Dro. E.Return'd so soon! rather approach'd too late The capon burns, the pig falls from the spit, The clock hath strucken twelve upon the bell My mistress made it one upon my cheek She is so hot because the meat is cold The meat is cold because you come not home You come not home because you have no stomach You have no stomach having broke your fast But we that know what 'tis to fast and pray Are penitent for your default to-day. Ant. S.Stop in your wind, sir tell me this, I pray Where have you left the money that I gave youou Dro. E.O,-sixpence, that I had o' Wednesday last To pay the saddler for my mistress' crupper The saddler had it, sir I kept it not. Ant. S.I am not in a sportive humor now Tell me, and dally not, where is the money We being strangers here, how darest thou trust So great a charge from thine own custody Dro. E.I pray you, jest, sir, as you sit at dinner I from my mistress come to you in post If I return, I shall be post indeed, For she will score your fault upon my pate. Methinks your maw, like mine, should be your clock And strike you home without a messenger.  Dromio, come, these jests are out of season Reserve them till a merrier hour than this. Where is the gold I gave in charge to thee Dro. E.To me, sir why, you gave no gold to me. Ant. S.Come on, sir knave, have done your foolishness And tell me how thou hast disposed thy charge, Dro. E.My charge was but to fetch you from the mart Home to your house, the Phoenix, sir, to dinner My mistress and her sister stays for you. Ant. S.Now, as I am a Christian, answer me In what safe place you have bestow'd my money, Or I shall break that merry sconce of yours That stands on tricks when I am undisposed Where is the thousand marks thou hadst of me Dro. E.I have some marks of yours upon my pate, Some of my mistress' marks upon my shoulders, But not a thousand marks between you both. If I should pay your worship those again, Perchance you will not bear them patiently. Ant.  marks what mistress, slave, hast thou Dro. E.Your worship's wife, my mistress at the Phoenix She that doth fast till you come home to dinner And prays that you will hie you home to dinner. Ant. S.What, wilt thou flout me thus unto my face, Being forbid There, take you that, sir knave. Dro. E.What mean you, sir for God's sake, hold your hands! Nay, an you will not, sir, I'll take my heels.  my life, by some device or other The villain is o'er-raught of all my money. They say this town is full of cozenage, As, nimble jugglers that deceive the eye, Dark-working sorcerers that change the mind, Soul-killing witches that deform the body, Disguised cheaters, prating mountebanks, And many such-like liberties of sin If it prove so, I will be gone the sooner. I'll to the Centaur, to go seek this slave I greatly fear my money is not safe.  my husband nor the slave return'd, That in such haste I sent to seek his master! Sure, Luciana, it is two o'clock. Luc.Perhaps some merchant hath invited him And from the mart he's somewhere gone to dinner. Good sister, let us dine and never fret A man is master of his liberty Time is their master, and, when they see time, They'll go or come if so, be patient, sister. Adr.Why should their liberty than ours be more Luc.Because their business still lies out o' door. Adr.Look, when I serve him so, he takes it ill. Luc.O, know he is the bridle of your will. Adr.There's none but asses will be bridled so. Luc.Why, headstrong liberty is lash'd with woe. There's nothing situate under heaven's eye But hath his bound, in earth, in sea, in sky The beasts, the fishes, and the winged fowls Are their males' subjects and at their controls Men, more divine, the masters of all these, Lords of the wide world and wild watery seas, Indued with intellectual sense and souls, Of more pre-eminence than fish and fowls, Are masters to their females, and their lords Then let your will attend on their accords. Adr.This servitude makes you to keep unwed. Luc.Not this, but troubles of the marriagebed. Adr.But, were you wedded, you would bear some sway. Luc.Ere I learn love, I'll practise to obey. Adr.How if your husband start some other where Luc.Till he come home again, I would forbear. Adr.Patience unmoved! no marvel though she pause They can be meek that have no other cause. A wretched soul, bruised with adversity, We bid be quiet when we hear it cry But were we burden'd with like weight of pain, As much or more we should ourselves complain So thou, that hast no unkind mate to grieve thee, With urging helpless patience wouldst relieve me But, if thou live to see like right bereft, This fool-begg'd patience in thee will be left. Luc.Well, I will marry one day, but to try. Here comes your man now is your husband nigh.  is your tardy master now at hand Dro. E.Nay, he's at two hands with me, and that my two ears can witness. Adr.Say, didst thou speak with him know'st thou his mind Dro. E.Ay, ay, he told his mind upon mine ear Beshrew his hand, I scarce could understand it. Luc.Spake he so doubtfully, thou couldst not feel his meaning Dro. E.Nay, he struck so plainly, I could too well feel his blows and withal so doubtfully that I could scarce understand them. Adr.But say, I prithee, is he coming home It seems he hath great care to please his wife. Dro. E.Why, mistress, sure my master is horn-mad. Adr.Horn-mad, thou villain! Dro. E.I mean not cuckold-mad But, sure, he is stark mad. When I desired him to come home to dinner, He ask'd me for a thousand marks in gold ''Tis dinner-time,' quoth I 'My gold!' quoth he 'Your meat doth burn,'  I 'My gold!' quoth  ' quoth I 'My gold!'  I gave thee,  I, 'is  that my errand, due unto my tongue, I thank him, I bare home upon my shoulders For, in conclusion, he did beat me there. Adr.Go back again, thou slave, and fetch him home. Dro. E.Go back again, and be new beaten home For God's sake, send some other messenger. Adr.Back, slave, or I will break thy pate across. Dro. E.And he will bless that cross with other beating Between you I shall have a holy head. Adr.Hence, prating peasant! fetch thy master home. Dro. E.Am I so round with you as you with me, That like a football you do spurn me thus You spurn me hence, and he will spurn me hither If I last in this service, you must case me in leather.  how impatience loureth in your face! Adr.His company must do his minions grace, Whilst I at home starve for a merry look. Hath homely age the alluring beauty took From my poor cheek then he hath wasted it Are my discourses dull barren my wit If voluble and sharp discourse be marr'd, Unkindness blunts it more than marble hard Do their gay vestments his affections bait That's not my fault he's master of my state What ruins are in me that can be found, By him not ruin'd then is he the ground Of my defeatures. My decayed fair A sunny look of his would soon repair But, too unruly deer, he breaks the pale And feeds from home poor I am but his stale. Luc.Self-harming jealousy! fie, beat it hence! Adr.Unfeeling fools can with such wrongs dispense. I know his eye doth homage otherwhere Or else what lets it but he would be here Sister, you know he promised me a chain Would that alone, alone he would detain, So he would keep fair quarter with his bed! I see the jewel best enamelled Will lose his beauty yet the gold bides still, That others touch, and often touching will Wear gold and no man that hath a name, By falsehood and corruption doth it shame. Since that my beauty cannot please his eye, I'll weep what's left away, and weeping die. Luc.How many fond fools serve mad  Ant. S.The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up Safe at the Centaur and the heedful slave Is wander'd forth, in care to seek me out By computation and mine host's report. I could not speak with Dromio since at first I sent him from the mark. See, here he  How now, sir! is your merry humor alter'd As you love strokes, so jest with me again. You know no Centaur you received no gold Your mistress sent to have me home to dinner My house was at the Phoenix Wast thou mad, That thus so madly thou didst answer me Dro. S.What answer, sir when spake I such a word Ant. S.Even now, even here, not half an hour since. Dro. S.I did not see you since you sent me hence, Home to the Centaur, with the gold you gave me. Ant. S.Villain, thou didst deny the gold's receipt, And told'st me of a mistress and a dinner For which, I hope, thou felt'st I was displeased. Dro. S.I am glad to see you in this merry vein What means this jest I pray you, master, tell me. Ant. S.Yea, dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth Think'st thou I jest Hold, take thou that, and that.  sir, for God's sake! now your jest is earnest Upon what bargain do you give it me Ant. S.Because that I familiarly sometimes Do use you for my fool and chat with you, Your sauciness will jest upon my love And make a common of my serious hours. When the sun shines let foolish gnats make sport, But creep in crannies when he hides his beams. If you will jest with me, know my aspect And fashion your demeanor to my looks, Or I will beat this method in your sconce. Dro. S.Sconce call you it so you would leave battering, I had rather have it a head an you use these blows long, I must get a sconce for my head and insconce it too or else I shall seek my wit in my shoulders. But, I pray, sir, why am I beatenen Ant. S.Dost thou not know Dro. S.Nothing, sir, but that I am beaten. Ant. S.Shall I tell you whyhy Dro. S.Ay, sir, and wherefore for they say every why hath a wherefore. Ant. S.Why, first,-for flouting me and then, wherefore,-~For urging it the second time to me. Dro. S.Was there ever any man thus beaten out of season, When in the why and the wherefore is neither rhyme nor reason Well, sir, I thank you. Ant. S.Thank me, sir! for what Dro. S.Marry, sir, for this something that you gave me for nothing. Ant. S.I'll make you amends next, to give you nothing for something. But say, sir, is it dinner-timeme Dro. S.No, sir I think the meat wants that I have. Ant. S.In good time, sir what's that ! Dro. S.Basting. Ant. S.Well, sir, then 'twill be dry. Dro. S.If it be, sir, I pray you, eat none of it. Ant. S.Your reason Dro. S.Lest it make you choleric and purchase me another dry basting. Ant. S.Well, sir, learn to jest in good time there's a time for all things. Dro. S.I durst have denied that, before you were so choleric. Ant. S.By what rule, sir Dro. S.Marry, sir, by a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of father Time himself. Ant. S.Let's hear it. Dro. S.There's no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature. Ant. S.May he not do it by fine and recovery Dro. S.Yes, to pay a fine for a periwig and recover the lost hair of another man. Ant. S.Why is Time such a niggard of hair, being, as it is, so plentiful an excrement Dro. S.Because it is a blessing that he bestows on beasts and what he hath scanted men in hair he hath given them in wit. Ant. S.Why, but there's many a man hath more hair than wit. Dro. S.Not a man of those but he hath the wit to lose his hair. Ant. S.Why, thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit. Dro. S.The plainer dealer, the sooner lost yet he loseth it in a kind of jollity. S.For what reason Dro. S.For two and sound ones too. Ant. S.Nay, not sound, I pray you. Dro. S.Sure ones, then. Ant. S.Nay, not sure, in a thing falsing. Dro. S.Certain ones then. Ant. S.Name them. Dro. S.The one, to save the money that he spends in trimming the other that at dinner they should not drop in his porridge. Ant. S.You would all this time have proved there is no time for all things. Dro. S.Marry, and did, sir namely, no time to recover hair lost by nature. Ant. S.But your reason was not substantial, why there is no time to recover. Dro. S.Thus I mend it Time himself is bald and therefore to the world's end will have bald followers. Ant. S.I knew 'twould be a bald conclusion But, soft! who wafts us yonder Enter  ay, Antipholus, look strange and frown Some other mistress hath thy sweet aspects I am not Adriana nor thy wife. The time was once when thou unurged wouldst vow That never words were music to thine ear, That never object pleasing in thine eye, That never touch well welcome to thy hand, That never meat sweet-savor'd in thy taste, Unless I spake, or look'd, or touch'd, or carved to thee. How comes it now, my husband, O, how comes it, That thou art thus estranged from thyself Thyself I call it, being strange to me, That, undividable, incorporate, Am better than thy dear self's better part. Ah, do not tear away thyself from me! For know, my love, as easy mayest thou fall A drop of water in the breaking gulf, And take unmingled thence that drop again, Without addition or diminishing, As take from me thyself and not me too. How dearly would it touch thee to the quick, Shouldst thou but hear I were licentious And that this body, consecrate to thee, By ruffian lust should be contaminate! Wouldst thou not spit at me and spurn at me And hurl the name of husband in my face And tear the stain'd skin off my harlot-brow And from my false hand cut the wedding-ring And break it with a deep-divorcing vow I know thou canst and therefore see thou do it. I am possess'd with an adulterate blot My blood is mingled with the crime of lust For if we too be one and thou play false, I do digest the poison of thy flesh, Being strumpeted by thy contagion. Keep then fair league and truce with thy true bed I live unstain'd, thou undishonored. Ant. S.Plead you to me, fair dame I know you not In Ephesus I am but two hours old, As strange unto your town as to your talk Who, every word by all my wit being scann'd, Want wit in all one word to understand. Luc.Fie, brother! how the world is changed with you! When were you wont to use my sister thus She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner. S.By Dromio Dro.  Adr.By thee and this thou didst return from him, That he did buffet thee, and, in his blows, Denied my house for his, me for his wife. Ant. S.Did you converse, sir, with this gentlewoman What is the course and drift of your compact Dro.  sir I never saw her till this time. Ant. S.Villain, thou liest for even her very words Didst thou deliver to me on the mart. Dro. S.I never spake with her in all my life. Ant. S.How can she thus then call us by our names Unless it be by inspiration. Adr.How ill agrees it with your gravity To counterfeit thus grossly with your slave, Abetting him to thwart me in my mood! Be it my wrong you are from me exempt, But wrong not that wrong with a more contempt. Come, I will fasten on this sleeve of thine Thou art an elm, my husband, I a vine, Whose weakness, married to thy stronger state, Makes me with thy strength to communicate If aught possess thee from me, it is dross, Usurping ivy, brier, or idle moss Who, all for want of pruning, with intrusion Infect thy sap and live on thy confusion. Ant. S.To me she speaks she moves me for her theme What, was I married to her in my dream Or sleep I now and think I hear all this What error drives our eyes and ears amiss Until I know this sure uncertainty, I'll entertain the offer'd fallacy. Luc.Dromio, go bid the servants spread for dinner. Dro. S.O, for my beads! I cross me for a sinner. This is the fairy land O spite of spites! We talk with goblins, owls and sprites If we obey them not, this will ensue, They'll suck our breath or pinch us black and blue. Luc.Why pratest thou to thyself and answer'st not Dromio, thou drone, thou snail, thou slug, thou sot! Dro. S.I am transformed, master, am I  S.I think thou art in mind, and so am I. Dro. S.Nay, master, both in mind and in my shape. Ant. S.Thou hast thine own form. Dro. S.No, I am an ape. Luc.If thou art changed to aught, 'tis to an ass. Dro. S.'Tis true she rides me and I long for grass. 'Tis so, I am an ass else it could never be But I should know her as well as she knows me. Adr.Come, come, no longer will I be a fool, To put the finger in the eye and weep, Whilst man and master laugh my woes to scorn. Come, sir, to dinner. Dromio, keep the gate. Husband, I'll dine above with you to-day And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks. Sirrah, if any ask you for your master, Say he dines forth, and let no creature enter. Come, sister. Dromio, play the porter well. Ant. S.Am I in earth, in heaven, or in hell Sleeping or waking mad or well-advised Known unto these, and to myself disguised! I'll say as they say and persever so, And in this mist at all adventures go. Dro. S.Master, shall I be porter at the gate Adr.Ay and let none enter, lest I break your pate. Luc.Come, come, Antipholus, we dine too late.  Signior Angelo, you must excuse us all My wife is shrewish when I keep not hours Say that I linger'd with you at your shop To see the making of her carcanet, And that to-morrow you will bring it home. But here's a villain that would face me down He met me on the mart and that I beat him, And charged him with a thousand marks in gold, And that I did deny my wife and house. Thou drunkard, thou, what didst thou mean by this Dro. E.Say what you will, sir, but I know what I know That you beat me at the mart, I have your hand to show If the skin were parchment, and the blows you gave were ink, Your own handwriting would tell you what I think. Ant. E.I think thou art an ass. Dro. E.Marry, so it doth appear By the wrongs I suffer and the blows I bear. I should kick, being kick'd and, being at that pass, You would keep from my heels and beware of an ass.  sad, Signior Balthazar pray God our cheer May answer my good will and your good welcome here. Bal.I hold your dainties cheap, sir, and your welcome dear. Ant. E.O, Signior Balthazer, either at flesh or fish, A table full of welcome make scarce one dainty dish. Bal.Good meat, sir, is common that every churl affords. Ant. E.And welcome more common for that's nothing but words. Bal.Small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast. Ant.  host and more sparing guest But though my cates be mean, take them in good part Better cheer may you have, but not with better heart. But, soft! my door is lock'd. Go bid them let us in. Dro. E.Maud, Bridget, Marian, Cicel,  malt-horse, capon, coxcomb, idiot, patch! Either get thee from the door, or sit down at the hatch. Dost thou conjure for wenches, that thou call'st for such store, When one is one too many Go, get thee from the door. Dro. E.What patch is made our porter My master stays in the  Let him walk from whence he came, lest he catch cold on's feet. Ant. E.Who talks within there ho, open the door!  Right, sir I'll tell you when, an you'll tell me wherefore. Ant. E.Wherefore for my dinner I have not dined  to-day here you must not come again when you may. Ant. E.What are thou that keepest me out from the house I owe  The porter for this time, sir, and my name is Dromio. Dro. E.O villain! thou hast stolen both mine office and my name. The one ne'er got me credit, the other mickle blame. If thou hadst been Dromio to-day in my place, Thou wouldst have changed thy face for a name or thy name for an ass. Luce. Within What a coil is there, Dromio who are those at the gate Dro. E.Let my master in, Luce.  no he comes too late And so tell your master. Dro. E.O Lord, I must laugh! Have at you with a proverb-Shall I set in my staff Luce. Within Have at you with another that's-When can you tell  If thy name be call'd Luce,-Luce, thou hast answer'd him well. Ant. E.Do you hear, you minion you'll let us in, I hope  I thought to have asked you.  you said no. Dro. E.So, come, help well struck! there was blow for blow. Ant. E.Thou baggage, let me in.  you tell for whose sake Dro. E.Master, knock the door hard.  him knock till it  cry for this, minion, if I beat the door down. Luce. Within What needs all that, and a pair of stocks in the town  Who is that at the door that keeps all this noise Dro. S. By my troth, your town is troubled with unruly boys. Ant. E.Are you there, wife you might have come before.  Your wife, sir knave! go get you from the door. Dro. E.If you went in pain, master, this 'knave' would go sore. Ang.Here is neither cheer, sir, nor welcome we would fain have either. Bal.In debating which was best, we shall part with neither. Dro. E.They stand at the door, master bid them welcome hither.  is something in the wind, that we cannot get in. Dro. E.You would say so, master, if your garments were thin. Your cake there is warm within you stand here in the cold It would make a man mad as a buck, to be so bought and sold. Ant. E.Go fetch me something I'll break ope the gate. Dro. S. Within Break any breaking here, and I'll break your knave's pate. Dro. E.A man may break a word with you, sir, and words are but wind, Ay, and break it in your face, so he break it not behind. Dro. Within It seems thou want'st breaking out upon thee, hind! Dro. E.Here's too much 'out upon thee!' I pray thee, let me  Ay, when fowls have no feathers and fish have no fin. Ant. E.Well, I'll break in go borrow me a crow. Dro. E.A crow without feather Master, mean you so For a fish without a fin, there's a fowl without a feather If a crow help us in, sirrah, we'll pluck a crow together. Ant. E.Go get thee gone fetch me an iron crow. Bal.Have patience, sir O, let it not be so! Herein you war against your reputation And draw within the compass of suspect The unviolated honor of your wife, Once this,-your long experience of her wisdom, Her sober virtue, years and modesty, Plead on her part some cause to you unknown And doubt not, sir, but she will well excuse Why at this time the doors are made against you. Be ruled by me depart in patience, And let us to the Tiger all to dinner, And about evening come yourself alone To know the reason of this strange restraint. If by strong hand you offer to break in Now in the stirring passage of the day, A vulgar comment will be made of it, And that supposed by the common rout Against your yet ungalled estimation That may with foul intrusion enter in And dwell upon your grave when you are dead For slander lives upon succession, For ever housed wherewhere it gets possession. Ant. E.You have prevailed I will depart in quiet, And, in despite of mirth, mean to be merry. I know a wench of excellent discourse, Pretty and witty wild, and yet, too, gentle There will we dine. This woman that I mean, My wife-but, I protest, without desert-~Hath oftentimes upbraided me withal To her will we to  you home And fetch the chain by this I know 'tis made Bring it, I pray you, to the Porpentine For there's the house that chain will I bestow-~Be it for nothing but to spite my wife-~Upon mine hostess there good sir, make haste. Since mine own doors refuse to entertain me, I'll knock elsewhere, to see if they'll disdain me. Ang.I'll meet you at that place some hour hence. Ant. E.Do so. This jest shall cost me some  may it be that you have quite forgot A husband's office shall, Antipholus. Even in the spring of love, thy love-springs rot Shall love, in building, grow so ruinous If you did wed my sister for her wealth, Then for her wealth's sake use her with more kindness Or if you like elsewhere, do it by stealth Muffle your false love with some show ofblindness Let not my sister read it in your eye Be not thy tongue thy own shame's orator Look sweet, speak fair, become disloyalty Apparel vice like virtue's harbinger Bear a fair presence, though your heart be tainted Teach sin the carriage of a holy saint Be secret-false what need she be acquainted What simple thief brags of his own attaint 'Tis double wrong, to truant with your bed And let her read it in thy looks at board Shame hath a bastard fame, well managed Ill deeds are doubled with an evil word. Alas, poor women! make us but believe, Being compact of credit, that you love us Though others have the arm, show us the sleeve We in your motion turn and you may move us. Then, gentle brother, get you in again Comfort my sister, cheer her, call her wife 'Tis holy sport to be a little vain, When the sweet breath of flattery conquers strife. Ant. S.Sweet mistress,-what your name is else, I know not, Nor by what wonder you do hit of mine,-~Less in your knowledge and your grace you show not Than our earth's wonder, more than earth divine. Teach me, dear creature, how to think and speak Lay open to my earthly-gross conceit, Smother'd in errors, feeble, shallow, weak, The folded meaning of your words' deceit. Against my soul's pure truth why labor you To make it wander in an unknown field Are you a god would you create me new Transform me then, and to your power I'll yield. But if that I am I, then well I know vYour weeping sister is no wife of mine, Nor to her bed no homage do I owe Far more, far more to you do I decline. O, train me not, sweet mermaid, with thy note, To drown me in thy sister's flood of tears Sing, siren, for thyself and I will dote Spread o'er the silver waves thy golden hairs, And as a bed I'll take them and there lie, And in that glorious supposition think He gains by death that hath such means to die Let Love, being light, be drowned if she sink! Luc.What, are you mad, that you do reason so Ant. S.Not mad, but mated how, I do not know. Luc.It is a fault that springeth from your eye. Ant. S.For gazing on your beams, fair sun, being by. Luc.Gaze where you should, and that will clear your sight. Ant. S.As good to wink, sweet love, as look on night. Luc.Why call you me love call my sister so. Ant. S.Thy sister's sister. Luc.That's my sister. Ant. S.No It is thyself, mine own self's better part, Mine eye's clear eye, my dear heart's dearer heart, My food, my fortune and my sweet hope's aim, My sole earth's heaven and my heaven's claim. Luc.All this my sister is, or else should be. Ant. S.Call thyself sister, sweet, for I am thee. Thee will I love and with thee lead my life Thou hast no husband yet nor I no wife. Give me thy hand. Luc.O, soft, sir! hold you still I'll fetch my sister, to get her good will.   Ant. S.Why, how now, Dromio! where runn'st thou so fast Dro. S.Do you know me, sir am I Dromio am I your man am I myself Ant. S.Thou art Dromio, thou art my man, thou art thyself. Dro. S.I am an ass, I am a woman's man and besides myself. Ant. S.What woman's man and how besides thyself Dro. S.Marry, sir, besides myself, I am due to a woman one that claims me, one that haunts me, one that will have me.  claim lays she to thee Dro. S.Marry, sir, such claim as you would lay to your horse and she would have me as a beast not that, I being a beast, she would have me but that she, being a very beastly creature, lays claim to me. Ant. S.What is she Dro. S.A very reverent body ay, such a one as a man may not speak of without he say 'Sir-reverence.' I have but lean luck in the match, and yet is she a wondrous fat marriage. Ant. S.How dost thou mean a fat marriage Dro. S.Marry, sir, she's the kitchen wench and all grease and I know not what use to put her to but to make a lamp of her and run from her by her own light. I warrant, her rags and the tallow in them will burn a Poland winter if she lives till doomsday, she'll burn a week longer than the whole world. Ant. S.What complexion is she of Dro. S.Swart, like my shoe, but her face nothing like so clean kept for why, she sweats a man may go over shoes in the grime of it. Ant. S.That's a fault that water will mend. Dro. S.No, sir, 'tis in grain Noah's flood could not do it. Ant. S.What's her name Dro. S.Nell, sir but her name and three quarters, that's an ell and three quarters, will not measure her from hip to hip. Ant. S.Then she bears some breadth Dro. S.No longer from head to foot than from hip to hip she is spherical, like a globe I could find out countries in her. Ant. S.In what part of her body stands Ireland Dro. S.Marry, sir, in her buttocks I found it out by the bogs. Ant. S.Where Scotland Dro. S.I found it by the barrenness hard in the palm of the hand. Ant. S.Where France Dro. S.In her forehead armed and reverted, making war against her heir. Ant. S.Where England Dro. S.I looked for the chalky cliffs, but I could find no whiteness in them but I guess it stood in her chin, by the salt rheum that ran between France and it. Ant. S.Where Spain Dro. S.Faith, I saw it not but I felt it hot in her breath. Ant. S.Where America, the Indies  sir, upon her nose, all o'er embellished with rubies, carbuncles, sapphires, declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain who sent whole armadoes of caracks to be ballast at her nose. Ant. S.Where stood Belgia, the Netherlands Dro. S.Oh, sir, I did not look so low. To conclude, this drudge, or diviner, laid claim to me called me Dromio swore I was assured to her told me what privy marks I had about me, as, the mark of my shoulder, the mole in my neck, the great wart on my left arm, that I amazed ran from her as a witch And, I think, if my breast had not been made of faith and my heart of steel, She had transform'd me to a curtal dog and made me turn i' the wheel.  S.Go hie thee presently, post to the road An if the wind blow any way from shore, I will not harbor in this town to-night If any bark put forth, come to the mart, Where I will walk till thou return to me. If every one knows us and we know none, 'Tis time, I think, to trudge, pack and be gone. Dro. S.As from a bear a man would run for life, So fly I from her that would be my  none but witches do inhabit here And therefore 'tis high time that I were hence. She that doth call me husband, even my soul Doth for a wife abhor. But her fair sister, Possess'd with such a gentle sovereign grace, Ofsuch enchanting presence and discourse, Hath almost made me traitor to myself But, lest myself be guilty to self-wrong, I'll stop mine ears against the mermaid's song. Enter   that's my name. Ang.I know it well, sir, lo, here is the chain. I thought to have ta'en you at the Porpentine The chain unfinish'd made me stay thus long. S.What is your will that I shall do with this Ang.What please yourself, sir I have made it for you. Ant. S.Made it for me, sir! I bespoke it not. Ang.Not once, nor twice, but twenty times you have. Go home with it and please your wife withal And soon at supper-time I'll visit you And then receive my money for the chain. Ant. S.I pray you, sir, receive the money now, For fear you ne'er see chain nor money more. Ang.You are a merry man, sir fare you  I should think of this, I cannot tell But this I think, there's no man is so vain That would refuse so fair an offer'd chain. I see a man here needs not live by shifts, When in the streets he meets such golden gifts. I'll to the mart and there for Dromio stay If any ship put out, then straight away.   know since Pentecost the sum is due, And since I have not much importuned you Nor now I had not, but that I am bound To Persia, and want guilders for my voyage Therefore make present satisfaction, Or I'll attach you by this officer. Ang.Even just the sum that I do owe to you Is growing to me by Antipholus, And in the instant that I met with you He had of me a chain at five o'clock I shall receive the money for the same. Pleaseth you walk with me down to his house, I will discharge my bond and thank you too.  see where he comes. Ant. E.While I go to the goldsmith's house, go thou And buy a rope's end that will I bestow Among my wife and her confederates, For locking me out of my doors by day. But, soft! I see the goldsmith. Get thee gone Buy thou a rope and bring it home to me. Dro. E.I buy a thousand pound a year I buy a  man is well holp up that trusts to you I promised your presence and the chain But neither chain nor goldsmith came to me. Belike you thought our love would last too long, If it were chain'd together, and therefore came not. Ang.Saving your merry humor, here's the note How much your chain weighs to the utmost carat, The fineness of the gold and chargeful fashion, Which doth amount to three odd ducats more Than I stand debted to this gentleman I pray you, see him presently discharged, For he is bound to sea and stays but for it. Ant. E.I am not furnish'd with the present money Besides, I have some business in the town. Good signior, take the stranger to my house And with you take the chain and bid my wife Disburse the sum on the receipt thereof Perchance I will be there as soon as you. Ang.Then you will bring the chain to her yourself Ant. E.No bear it with you, lest I come not time enough. Ang.Well, sir, I will. Have you the chain about you Ant. E.An if I have not, sir, I hope you have Or else you may return without your money. Ang.Nay, come, I pray you, sir, give me the chain Both wind and tide stays for this gentleman, And I, to blame, have held him here too long. Ant. E.Good Lord! you use this dalliance to excuse Your breach of promise to the Porpentine. I should have chid you for not bringing it, But, like a shrew, you first begin to brawl. Sec. Mer.The hour steals on I pray you, sir, dispatch. Ang.You hear how he importunes me -the chain! Ant. E.Why, give it to my wife and fetch your money. Ang.Come, come, you know I gave it you even now. Either send the chain or send me by some token.  now you run this humor out of breath, Come, where's the chain I pray you, let me see  business cannot brook this dalliance. Good sir, say whether you'll answer me or no If not, I'll leave him to the officer. Ant. E.I answer you! what should I answer you Ang.The money that you owe me for the  owe you none till I receive the chain. Ang.You know I gave it you half an hour since. Ant. E.You gave me none you wrong me much to say so. Ang.You wrong me more, sir, in denying it Consider how it stands upon my credit. Sec.  officer, arrest him at my suit. Off.I do and charge you in the duke's name to obey me. Ang.This touches me in reputation. Either consent to pay this sum for me Or I attach you by this officer. Ant. E.Consent to pay thee that I never had! Arrest me, foolish fellow, if thou darest. Ang.Here is thy fee arrest him, officer, I would not spare my brother in this case, If he should scorn me so apparently. Off.I do arrest you, sir you hear the suit. Ant. E.I do obey thee till I give thee bail. But, sirrah, you shall buy this sport as dear As all the metal in your shop will answer. Ang.Sir, sir, I shall have law in Ephesus, To your notorious shame I doubt it not.  there is a bark of Epidamnum That stays but till her owner comes aboard, And then, sir, she bears away. Our fraughtage, sir, I have convey'd aboard and I have bought The oil, the balsamum and aqua-vitae. The ship is in her trim the merry wind Blows fair from land they stay for nought at all But for their owner, master, and yourself. E.How now! a madman! Why, thou peevish sheep, What ship of Epidamnum stays for me Dro. S.A ship you sent me to, to hire waftage. Ant. E.Thou drunken slave, I sent thee for a rope And told thee to what purpose and what end. Dro. S.You sent me for a rope's end as soon You sent me to the bay, sir, for a bark. Ant. E.I will debate this matter at more leisure And teach your ears to list me with more heed. To Adriana, villain, hie thee straight Give her this key, and tell her, in the desk That's cover'd o'er with Turkish tapestry, There is a purse of ducats let her send it Tell her I am arrested in the street And that shall bail me hie thee, slave, be gone! On, officer, to prison till it  Merchant,  Adriana! that is where we dined, Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband She is too big, I hope, for me to compass. Thither I must, although against my will, For servants must their masters' minds fulfil.  Luciana, did he tempt thee so Mightst thou perceive austerely in his eye That he did plead in earnest yea or no Look'd he or red or pale, or sad or merrily What observation madest thou in this case Of his heart's meteors tilting in his face Luc.First he denied you had in him no right. Adr.He meant he did me none the more my spite. Luc.Then swore he that he was a stranger here. Adr.And true he swore, though yet forsworn he were. Luc.Then pleaded I for you. Adr.And what said hehe Luc.That love I begg'd for you he begg'd of me. Adr.With what persuasion did he tempt thy love Luc.With words that in an honest suit might move. First he did praise my beauty, then my speech. Adr.Didst speak him fair Luc.Have patience, I beseech. Adr.I cannot, nor I will not, hold me still My tongue, though not my heart, shall have his will. He is deformed, crooked, old and sere, Ill-faced, worse bodied, shapeless everywhere Vicious, ungentle, foolish, blunt, unkind, Stigmatical in making, worse in mind. Luc.Who would be jealous then of such a one No evil lost is wail'd when it is gone. Adr.Ah, but I think him better than I say, And yet would herein others' eyes were worse. Far from her nest the lapwing cries away My heart prays for him, though my tongue do curse. Enter  go the desk, the purse! sweet, now, make haste. Luc.How hast thou lost thy breath Dro. S.By running fast. Adr.Where is thy master, Dromio is he well Dro. S.No, he's in Tartar limbo, worse than hell. A devil in an everlasting garment hath him One whose hard heart is button'd up with steel A fiend, a fury, pitiless and rough A wolf, nay, worse, a fellow all in buff A back-friend, a shoulder-clapper, one that countermands The passages of alleys, creeks and narrow lands A hound that runs counter and yet draws dryfoot well One that before the judgement carries poor souls to hell. Adr.Why, man, what is the matter  not know the matter he is 'restedon the case. Adr.What, is he arrested Tell me at whose suit. Dro. S.I know not at whose suit he is arrested well But he's in a suit of buff which 'rested him, that can I tell. Will you send him, mistress, redemption, the money in his desk Adr.Go fetch it,  I wonder at, That he, unknown to me, should be in debt, Tell me, was he arrested on a band Dro. S.Not on a band, but on a stronger thing vA chain, a chain! Do you not hear it ring Adr.What, the chain Dro. S.No, no, the bell 'tis time that I were gone It was two ere I left him, and now the clock strikes one, Adr.The hours come back! that did I never hear. Dro. S.O, yes if any hour meet a sergeant, a' turns back for very fear. Adr.As if Time were in debt! how fondly dost thou reason! Dro. S.Time is a very bankrupt, and owes more than he's worth, to season. Nay, he's a thief too have you not heard men say, That Time comes stealing on by night and day If Time be in debt and theft, and a sergeant in the way, Hath he not reason to turn back an hour in a day  Dromio there's the money, bear it straight, And bring thy master home immediately. Come, sister I am press'd down with conceit-~Conceit, my comfort and my injury.  Syracuse. S.There's not a man I meet but doth salute me As if I were their well-acquainted friend And every one doth call me by my name. Some tender money to me some invite me Some other give me thanks for kindnesses Some offer me commodities to buy Even now a tailor call'd me in his shop And show'd me silks that he had bought for me And therewithal took measure of my body. Sure, these are but imaginary wiles And Lapland sorcerers inhabit here. Enter  here's the gold you sent me for. What, have you got the picture of old Adam  Ant. S.What gold is this what Adam dost thou mean Dro. S.Not that Adam that kept the Paradise, but that Adam that keeps the prison he that goes in the calf's skin that was killed for the Prodigal he that came behind you, sir, like an evil angel, and bid you forsake your liberty. Ant. S.I understand thee not. Dro. S.No why, 'tis a plain case he that went, like a bass-viol, in a case of leather the man, sir, that, when gentlemen are tired, gives them a sob and 'rests them he, sir, that takes pity on decayed men and gives them suits of durance he that sets up his rest to do more exploits with his mace than a morris-pike. Ant. S.What, thoumeanest an  S.Ay, sir, the sergeant of the band he that brings any man to answer it that breaks his band one that thinks a man always going to bed, and says, 'God  sir, there rest in your foolery. Is there any ship puts forth to-night may we be gone Dro. S.Why, sir, I brought you word an hour since that the bark Expedition put forth to-night and then were you hindered by the sergeant, to tarry for the hoy Delay. Here are the angels that you sent for to deliver you. Ant. S.The fellow is distract, and so am I And here we wander in illusions Some blessed power deliver us from hence! Enter a Courtezan. Cour.Well met, well met, Master Antipholus. I see, sir, you have found the goldsmith now Is that the chain you promised me to-day Ant. S.Satan, avoid! I charge thee, tempt me not. Dro. S.Master, is this Mistress Satan Ant. S.It is the devil. Dro. S.Nay, she is worse, she is the devil's dam and here she comes in the habit of a light wench and thereof comes that the wenches say  ' that's as much  is written, they appear to men like angels of light light is an effect of fire, and fire will burn ergo, light wenches will burn. Come not near her. Cour.Your man and you are marvellous merry, sir. Will you go with me We'll mend our dinner here Dro. S.Master, if you do, expect spoon-meat or bespeak a long spoon. Ant. S.Why, Dromio Dro. S.Marry, he must have a long spoon that must eat with the devil. Ant. S.Avoid then, fiend! what tell'st thou me of supping Thou art, as you are all, a sorceress I conjure thee to leave me and be gone. Cour.Give me the ring of mine you had at dinner, Or, for my diamond, the chain you promised, And I'll be gone, sir, and not trouble you. Dro. S.Some devils ask but the parings of one's nail, A rush, a hair, a drop of blood, a pin, A nut, a cherry-stone But she, more covetous, would have a chain. Master, be wise an if you give it her, The devil will shake her chain and fright us with it. Cour.I pray you, sir, my ring, or else the chain I hope you do not mean to cheat me so. Ant. S.Avaunt, thou witch! Come, Dromio, let us go. Dro. S.'Fly pride,' says the peacock mistress, that you know. Exeunt Ant. S. and  out of doubt Antipholus is mad, Else would he never so demean himself. A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats, And for the same he promised me a chain Both one and other he denies me now. The reason that I gather he is mad, Besides this present instance of his rage, Is a mad tale he told to-day at dinner, Of his own doors being shut against his entrance. Belike his wife, acquainted with his fits, On purpose shut the doors against his way. My way is now to hie home to his house, And tell his wife that, being lunatic, He rush'd into my house and took perforce My ring away. This course I fittest choose For forty ducats is too much to lose.  me not, man I will not break away I'll give thee, ere I leave thee, so much money, To warrant thee, as I am 'rested for. My wife is in a wayward mood to-day, And will not lightly trust the messenger. That I should be attach'd in Ephesus, I tell you, 'twill sound harshly in her ears. Enter  Here comes my man I think he brings the money. How now, sir! have you that I sent you for Dro. E.Here's that, I warrant you, will pay them all. Ant. E.But where's the money Dro. E.Why, sir, I gave the money for the rope. Ant. E.Five hundred ducats, villain, for a rope Dro. E.I'll serve you, sir, five hundred at the rate. Ant. E.To what end did I bid thee hie thee homeme Dro. E.To a rope's-end, sir and to that end am I returned. Ant. E.And to that end, sir, I will welcome you.  sir, be patient. Dro. E.Nay, 'tis for me to be patient I am in adversity. Off.Good now, hold thy tongue. Dro. E.Nay, rather persuade him to hold his hands. Ant. E.Thou whoreson, senseless villain! Dro. E.I would I were senseless, sir, that I might not feel your blows. Ant. E.Thou art sensible in nothing but blows, and so is an ass. Dro. E.I am an ass, indeed you may prove it by my long ears. I have served him from the hour of my nativity to this instant, and have nothing at his hands for my service but blows. When I am cold, he heats me with beating when I am warm, he cools me with beating I am waked with it when I sleep raised with it when I sit driven out of doors with it when I go from home welcomed home with it when I return nay, I bear it on my shoulders, as a beggar wont her brat and, I think, when he hath lamed me, I shall beg with it from door to door.  respect your end or rather, the prophecy like the parrot,  E.Wilt thou still talk Beating him. Cour.How say you now is not your husband mad Adr.His incivility confirms no less. Good Doctor Pinch, you are a conjurer Establish him in his true sense again, And I will please you what you will demand. Luc.Alas, how fiery and how sharp he looks! Cour.Mark how he trembles in his ecstasy! Pinch.Give me your hand and let me feel your pulse. Ant. E.There is my hand, and let it feel your  charge thee, Satan, housed within this man, To yield possession to my holy prayers And to thy state of darkness hie thee straight I conjure thee by all the saints in heaven! Ant. E.Peace, doting wizard, peace! I am not mad. Adr.O, that thou wert not, poor distressed soul! Ant. E.You minion, you, are these your customers Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house to-day, Whilst upon me the guilty doors were shut And I denied to enter in my house Adr.O husband, God doth know you dined at home Where would you had remain'd until this time, Free from these slanders and this open shame! Ant. E.Dined at home! Thou villain, what sayest thou Dro. E.Sir, sooth to say, you did not dine at home. Ant. E.Were not my doors lock'd up and I shut out Dro. E.Perdie, your doors were lock'd and you shut out. Ant. E.And did not she herself revile me there Dro. E.Sans fable, she herself reviled you there. Ant. E.Did not her kitchen-maid rail, taunt, and scorn me Dro. E.Certes, she did the kitchen-vestal scorn'd you. Ant. E.And did not I in rage depart from thence Dro. E.In verity you did my bones bear witness, That since have felt the vigor of his rage. Adr.Is't good to soothe him in these contraries Pinch.It is no shame the fellow finds his vein, And yielding to him humors well his frenzy. Ant. E.Thou hast suborn'd the goldsmith to arrest me. Adr.Alas, I sent you money to redeem you, By Dromio here, who came in haste for it. Dro. E.Money by me! heart and goodwill you might But surely, master, not a rag of money. Ant. E.Went'st not thou to her for a purse of ducats Adr.He came to me and I deliver'd it. Luc.And I am witness with her that she did. Dro. E.God and the rope-maker bear me witness That I was sent for nothing but a rope! Pinch.Mistress, both man and master is possess'd I know it by their pale and deadly looks They must be bound and laid in some dark room. Ant. E.Say, wherefore didst thou lock me forth to-day And why dost thou deny the bag of gold Adr.I did not, gentle husband, lock thee forth. Dro. E.And, gentle master, I received no gold But I confess, sir, that we were lock'd out. Adr.Dissembling villain, thou speak'st false in both. Ant. E.Dissembling harlot, thou art false in all And art confederate with a damned pack To make a loathsome abject scorn of me But with these nails I'll pluck out these false eyes That would behold in me this shameful sport.  bind him, bind him! let him not come near me. Pinch.More company! The fiend is strong within him. Luc.Ay me, poor man, how pale and wan he looks! Ant. E.What, will you murder me Thou gaoler, thou, I am thy prisoner wilt thou suffer them To make a rescue Off.Masters, let him go He is my prisoner, and you shall not have him. Pinch.Go bind this man, for he is frantic  wilt thou do, thou peevish officer Hast thou delight to see a wretched man Do outrage and displeasure to himself Off.He is my prisoner if I let him go, The debt he owes will be required of me. Adr.I will discharge thee ere I go from thee Bear me forthwith unto his creditor, And, knowing how the debt grows, I will pay it. Good master doctor, see him safe convey'd Home to my house. O most unhappy day! Ant. E.O most unhappy strumpet! Dro.  I am here enter'd in bond for you. Ant. E.Out on thee, villain! wherefore dost thou mad me Dro. E.Will you be bound for nothing be mad, good master cry 'The devil!' Luc.God help, poor souls, how idly do they talk! Adr.Go bear him hence. Sister, go you with  now, whose suit is he arrested at Off.One Angelo, a goldsmith do you know him Adr.I know the man. What is the sum he owes Off.Two hundred ducats. Adr.Say, how grows it due Off.Due for a chain your husband had of him. Adr.He did bespeak a chain for me, but had it not. Cour.When as your husband all in rage to-day Came to my house and took away my ring-~The ring I saw upon his finger now-~Straight after did I meet him with a chain. Adr.It may be so, but I did never see it. Come, gaoler, bring me where the goldsmith is I long to know the truth hereof at large.  with his rapier drawn, and  for thy mercy! they are loose again. Adr.And come with naked swords. Let's call more help to have them bound again. Off.Away! they'll kill   S.I see these witches are afraid of swords. Dro. S.She that would be your wife now ran from you. Ant. S.Come to the Centaur fetch our stuff from thence I long that we were safe and sound aboard. Dro. S.Faith, stay here this night they will surely do us no harm you saw they speak us fair, give us gold methinks they are such a gentle nation that, but for the mountain of mad flesh that claims marriage of me, I could find in my heart to stay here still and n  Ant. S.I will not stay to-night for all the town Therefore away, to get our stuff aboard.  Merchant and  am sorry, sir, that I have hinder'd you But, I protest, he had the chain of me, Though most dishonestly he doth deny it. Sec. Mer.How is the man esteemed here in the city Ang.Of very reverend reputation, sir, Of credit infinite, highly beloved, Second to none that lives here in the city His word might bear my wealth at any time. Sec. Mer.Speak softly yonder, as I think, he walks.  of Syracuse. Ang.'Tis so and that self chain about his neck Which he forswore most monstrously to have. Good sir, draw near to me, I'll speak to him. Signior Antipholus, I wonder much That you would put me to this shame and trouble And, not without some scandal to yourself, With circumstance and oaths so to deny This chain which now you wear so openly Beside the charge, the shame, imprisonment, You have done wrong to this my honest friend, Who, but for staying on our controversy, Had hoisted sail and put to sea to-day This chain you had of me can you deny it Ant.  I had I never did deny it. Sec. Mer.Yes, that you did, sir, and forswore it too. Ant. S.Who heard me to deny it or forswear it Sec. Mer.These ears of mine, thou know'st, did hear thee. Fie on thee, wretch! 'tis pity that thou livest To walk where any honest man resort. Ant. S.Thou art a villain to impeach me thus I'll prove mine honor and mine honesty Against thee presently, if thou darest stand. Sec. Mer.I dare, and do defy thee for a villain. They draw. Enter  and others. Adr.Hold, hurt him not, for God's sakel he is mad. Some get within him, take his sword away Bind Dromio too, and bear them to my house. Dro. S.Run, master, run for God's sake, take a house! This is some priory. In, or we are spoil'd! Exeunt Ant.  S. to the Priory. Enter the Abb.Be quiet, people. Wherefore throng you hither Adr.To fetch my poor distracted husband hence. Let us come in, that we may bind him fast And bear him home for his recovery. Ang.I knew he was not in his perfect wits, Sec. Mer.I am sorry now that I did draw on him. Abb.How long hath this possession held the man Adr.This week he hath been heavy, sour, sad, And much different from the man he was But till this afternoon his passion Ne'er brake into extremity of rage. Abb.Hath he not lost much wealth by wreck of sea Buried some dear friend Hath not else his eye Stray'd his affection in unlawful love A sin prevailing much in youthful men, Who give their eyes the liberty of gazing. Which of these sorrows is he subject to Adr.To none of these, except it be the last Namely, some love that drew him oft from home. Abb.You should for that have reprehended him. Adr.Why, so I did. Abb.Ay, but not rough enough. Adr.As roughly as my modesty would let me. Abb.Haply, in private. Adr.And in assemblies too. Abb.Ay, but not enough. Adr.It was the copy of our conference In bed he slept not for my urging it At board he fed not for my urging it Alone, it was the subject of my theme In company I often glanced it Still did I tell him it was vile and bad. Abb.And thereof came it that the man was mad The venom clamors of a jealous woman Poisons more deadly than a mad dog's tooth. It seems his sleeps were hinder'd by thy railing, And thereof comes it that his head is light. Thou say'st his meat was sauced with thy upbraidings Unquiet meals make ill digestions Thereof the raging fire of fever bred And what's a fever but a fit of madness Thou say'st his sports were hinder'd by thy brawls Sweet recreation barr'd, what doth ensue But moody and dull melancholy, Kinsman to grim and comfortless despair, And at her heels a huge infectious troop Of pale distemperatures and foes to life In food, in sport and life-preserving rest To be disturb'd, would mad or man or beast The consequence is then thy jealous fits Have scared thy husband from the use of wits. Luc.She never reprehended him but mildly. When he demean'd himself rough, rude and wildly. Why bear you these rebukes and answer not Adr.She did betray me to my own reproof. Good people, enter and lay hold on him. Abb.No, not a creature enters in my house. Adr.Then let your servants bring my husband forth. Abb.Neither he took this place for sanctuary, And it shall privilege him from your hands Till I have brought him to his wits again, Or lose my labor in assaying it. Adr.I will attend my husband, be his nurse, Diet his sickness, for it is my office, And will have no attorney but myself And therefore let me have him home with me. Abb.Be patient for I will not let him stir Till I have used the approved means I have, With wholesome syrups, drugs and holy prayers, To make of him a formal man again It is a branch and parcel of mine oath, A charitable duty of my order. Therefore depart and leave him here with me, Adr.I will not hence and leave my husband here And ill it doth beseem your holiness To separate the husband and the wife. Abb.Be quiet and depart thou shalt not have him. Exit. Luc.Complain unto the duke of this indignity. Adr.Come, go I will fall prostrate at his feet And never rise until my tears and prayers Have won his grace to come in person hither And take perforce my husband from the abbess. Sec. Mer.By this, I think, the dial points at five Anon, I'm sure, the duke himself in person Comes this way to the melancholy vale, The place of death and sorry execution, Behind the ditches of the abbey here. Ang.Upon what cause Sec. Mer.To see a reverend Syracusian merchant, Who put unluckily into this bay Against the laws and statutes of this town, Beheaded publicly for his offence. Ang.See where they come we will behold his death. Luc.Kneel to the duke before he pass the abbey. Enter DUKE,  AEGEON bareheaded with the Headsman and other  once again proclaim it publicly, If any friend will pay the sum for him,m He shall not die so much we tender him. Adr.Justice, most sacred duke, against the abbess! Duke.She is a virtuous and a reverend lady It cannot be that she hath done thee wrong. Adr.May it please your grace, Antipholus, my husband, Whom I made lord of me and all I had, At your important letters,-this ill day A most outrageous fit of madness took him That desperately he hurried through the street, With him his bondman, all as mad as he,-~Doing displeasure to the citizens By rushing in their houses, bearing thence Rings, jewels, any thing his rage did like. Once did I get him bound and sent him home, Whilst to take order for the wrongs I went, That here and there his fury had committed. Anon, I wot not by what strong escape, He broke from those that had the guard of him And with his mad attendant and himself, Each one with ireful passion, with drawn swords, Met us again and madly bent on us, Chased us away till, raising of more aid, We came again to bind them. Then they fled Into this abbey, whither we pursued them And here the abbess shuts the gates on us And will not suffer us to fetch him out, Nor send him forth that we may bear him hence. Therefore, most gracious duke, with thy command Let him be brought forth and borne hence for help. Duke.Long since thy husband served me in my wars, And I to thee engaged a prince's word, When thou didst make him master of thy bed, To do him all the grace and good I could. Go, some of you, knock at the abbey-gate And bid the lady abbess come to me. I will determine this before I stir. Enter a Servant. Serv.O mistress, mistress, shift and save yourself! My master and his man are both broke loose, Beaten the maids a-row and bound the doctor, Whose beard they have singed off with brands of fire And ever, as it blazed, they threw on him Great pails of puddled mire to quench the hair My master preaches patience to him and the while His man with scissors nicks him like a fool, And sure, unless you send some present help, Between them they will kill the conjurer. Adr.Peace, fool! thy master and his man are here, And that is false thou dost report to us. Serv.Mistress, upon my life, I tell you true I have not breathed almost since I did see it. He cries for you, and vows, if he can take you, To scorch your face and to disfigure you. Cry within. Hark, hark! I hear him, mistress fly, be gone! Duke.Come, stand by me fear nothing. Guard and  Adr.Ay me, it is my husband! Witness you, That he is borne about invisible Even now we housed him in the abbey here And now he's there, past thought of human reason. Enter  most gracious duke, O, grant me justice! Even for the service that long since I did thee, When I bestrid thee in the wars and took Deep scars to save thy life even for the blood That then I lost for thee, now grant me justice. AEge.Unless the fear of death doth make me dote, I see my son Antipholus and Dromio. Ant. E.Justice, sweet prince, against that woman there! She whom thou gavest to me to be my wife, That hath abused and dishonor'd me Even in the strength and height of injury! Beyond imagination is the wrong That she this day hath shameless thrown on me. Duke.Discover how, and thou shalt find me just. Ant. E.This day, great duke, she shut the doors upon me, While she with harlots feasted in my house. Duke.A grievous fault! Say, woman, didst thou so Adr.No, my good lord myself, he and my sister To-day did dine together. So befall my soul As this is false he burdens me withal! Luc.Ne'er may I look on day, nor sleep on night, But she tells to your highness simple truth! Ang.O perjured woman! They are both forsworn In this the madman justly chargeth them. Ant. E.My liege, I am advised what I say, Neither disturbed with the effect of wine, Nor heady-rash, provoked with raging ire, Albeit my wrongs might make one wiser mad. This woman lock'd me out this day from dinner That goldsmith there, were he not pack'd with her, Could witness it, for he was with me then Who parted with me to go fetch a chain, Promising to bring it to the Porpentine, Where Balthazar and I did dine together. Our dinner done, and he not coming thither, I went to seek him in the street I meet him And in his company that gentleman. There did this perjured goldsmith swear me down That I this day of him received the chain, Which, God he knows, I saw not for the which He did arrest me with an officer. I did obey, and sent my peasant home For certain ducats he with none return'd Then fairly I bespoke the officer To go in person with me to my house. By the way we met My wife, her sister, and a rabble more Of vile confederates. Along with them They brought one Pinch, a hungry lean-faced villain, A mere anatomy, a mountebank, A threadbare juggler and a forutne-teller, A needy, hollow-eyed, sharp-looking wretch, A living-dead man this pernicious slave, Forsooth, took on him as a conjurer, And, gazing in mine eyes, feeling my pulse, And with no face, as 'twere, outfacing me, Cries out, I was possess'd. Then all together They fell upon me, bound me, bore me thence And in a dark and dankish vault at home There left me and my man, both bound together Till, gnawing with my teeth my bonds in sunder, I gain'd my freedom and immediately Ran hither to your grace whom I beseech To give me ample satisfaction For these deep shames and great indignities. Ang.My lord, in truth, thus far I witness with him, That he dined not at home, but was lock'd out. Duke.But had he such a chain of thee or no Ang.He had, my lord and when he ran in here, These people saw the chain about his neck. Sec. Mer.Besides, I will be sworn these ears of mine Heard you confess you had the chain of him After you first foreswore it on the mart And thereupon I drew my sword on you And then you fled into this abbey here, From whence, I think, you are come by miracle. Ant. E.I never came within these abbeywalls, Nor ever didst thou draw thy sword on me I never saw the chain, so help me Heaven! And this is false you burden me withal. Duke.Why, what an intricate impeach is this! I think you all have drunk of Circe's cup. If here you housed him, here he would have been If he were mad, he would not plead so coldly You say he dined at home the goldsmith here Denies that saying. Sirrah, what say you Dro. E.Sir, he dined with her there, at the Porpentine. Cour.He did, and from my finger snatch'd that ring. Ant. E.'Tis true, my liege this ring I had of her. Duke.Saw'st thou him enter at the abbey here Cour.As sure, my liege, as I do see your grace. Duke.Why, this is strange. Go call the abbess hither. I think you are all mated or stark mad.  mighty duke, vouchsafe me speak a word Haply I see a friend will save my life And pay the sum that may deliver me. Duke.Speak freely, Syracusian, what thou wilt. AEge.Is not your name, sir, call'd Antipholus And is not that your bondman, Dromio Dro. E.Within this hour I was his bondman, sir, But he, I thank him, gnaw'd in two my cords Now am I Dromio and his man unbound. AEge.I am sure you both of you remember me. Dro. E.Ourselves we do remember, sir, by you For lately we were bound, as you are now You are not Pinch's patient, are you, sir AEge.Why look you strange on me you know me well. Ant. E.I never saw you in my life till now. AEge.O, grief hath changed me since you saw me last, And careful hours with time's deformed hand Have written strange defeatures in my face But tell me yet, dost thou not know my voice Ant. E.Neither. AEge.Dromio, nor thou Dro. E.No, trust me, sir, nor I. AEge.I am sure thou dost. Dro. E.Ay, sir, but I am sure I do not and whatsoever a man denies, you are now bound to believe him. AEge.Not know my voice! O time's extremity, Hast thou so crack'd and splitted my poor tongue In seven short years, that here my only son Knows not my feeble key of untuned cares Though now this grained face of mine be hid In sap-consuming winter's drizzled snow, And all the conduits of my blood froze up, Yet hath my night of life some memory, My wasting lamps some fading glimmer left, My dull deaf ears a little use to hear All these old witnesses-I cannot err-~Tell me thou art my son Antipholus, Ant. E.I never saw my father in my life. AEge.But seven years since, in Syracusa, boy, Thou know'st we parted but perhaps, my son, Thou shamest to acknowledge me in misery. Ant. E.The duke and all that know me in the city Can witness with me that it is not so I ne'er saw Syracusa in my life. Duke.I tell thee, Syracusian, twenty years Have I been patron to Antipholus, During which time he ne'er saw Syracusa I see thy age and dangers make thee dote.    Abb.Most mighty duke, behold a man much wrong'd. All gather to see  see two husbands, or mine eyes deceive me. Duke.One of these men is Genius to the other And so of these. Which is the natural man, And which the spirit who deciphers them Dro. S.I, sir, am Dromio command him away. Dro. E.I, sir, am Dromio pray, let me stay. Ant. S.AEgeon art thou not or else his ghost Dro. S.O, my old master! who hath bound him here Abb.Whoever bound him, I will loose his bonds And gain a husband by his liberty. Speak, old AEgeon, if thou be'st the man That hadst a wife once call'd AEmilia That bore thee at a burden two fair sons O, if thou be'st the same AEgeon, speak, And speak unto the same AEmilia! AEge.If I dream not, thou art AEmilia If thou art she, tell me where is that son That floated with thee on the fatal raft Abb.By men of Epidamnum he and I And the twin Dromio all were taken up But by and by rude fishermen of Corinth By force took Dromio and my son from them And me they left with those of Epidamnum. What then became of them I cannot tell I to this fortune that you see me in. Duke.Why, here begins his morning story right These two Antipholuses, these two so like, And these two Dromios, one in semblance,-~Besides her urging of her wreck at sea,-~These are the parents to these children, Which accidentally are met together. Antipholus, thou camest from Corinth first Ant. S.No, sir, not I I came from Syracuse. Duke.Stay, stand apart I know not which is which. Ant. E.I came from Corinth, my most gracious lord,-~  I with him. Ant. E.Brought to this town by that most famous warrior, Duke Menaphon, your most renowned uncle. Adr.Which of you two did dine with me to-day Ant. S.I, gentle mistress. Adr.And are not you my husband Ant. E.No I say nay to that. S.And so do I yet did she call me so And this fair gentlewoman, her sister here, Did call me brother. To  I told you then, I hope I shall have leisure to make good If this be not a dream I see and hear. Ang.That is the chain, sir, which you had of me. Ant. S.I think it be, sir I deny it not. Ant. E.And you, sir, for this chain arrested me. Ang.I think I did, sir I deny it not. Adr.I sent you money, sir, to be your bail, By Dromio but I think he brought it not. Dro. E.No, none by me. Ant. S.This purse of ducats I received from you, And Dromio, my man, did bring them me. I see we still did meet each other's man, And I was ta'en for him, and he for me, And thereupon these ERRORS are arose. Ant. E.These ducats pawn I for my father here. Duke.It shall not need thy father hath his life. Cour.Sir, I must have that diamond from you. Ant. E.There, take it and much thanks for my good cheer. Abb.Renowned duke, vouchsafe to take the pains To go with us into the abbey here And hear at large discoursed all our fortunes And all that are assembled in this place, That by this sympathized one day's error Have suffer'd wrong, go keep us company, And we shall make full satisfaction. Thirty-three years have I but gone in travail Of you, my sons and till this present hour My heavy burthen ne'er delivered. The duke, my husband and my children both, And you the calendars of their nativity, Go to a gossips' feast, and go with me After so long grief, such festivity! Duke.With all my heart I'll gossip at this feast.  S.Master, shall I fetch your stuff from shipboard Ant. E.Dromio, what stuffof mine hast thou embark'd Dro. S.Your goods that lay at host, sir, in the Centaur. Ant. S.He speaks to me. I am your master, Dromio Come, go with us we'll look to that anon Embrace thy brother there rejoice with him.  E. Dro. S.There is a fat friend at your master's house, That kitchen'd me for you to-day at dinner She now shall be my sister, not my wife. Dro. E.Methinks you are my glass, and not my brother I see by you I am a sweet-faced youth. Will you walk in to see their gossiping Dro. S.Not I, sir you are my elder. Dro. E.That's a question how shall we try it Dro. S.We'll draw cuts for the senior till then lead thou first. Dro. E.Nay, then, thus We came into the world like brother and brother And now let's go hand in hand, not one before  this letter that Don Peter of Arragon comes this night to Messina. Mess.He is very near by this he was not three leagues off when I left him. Leon.How many gentlemen have you lost in this action Mess.But few of any sort, and none of name. Leon.A victory is twice itself when the achiever brings home full numbers. I find here that Don Peter hath bestowed much honor on a young Florentine called Claudio. Mess.Much deserved on his part and equally remembered by Don Pedro he hath borne himself beyond the promise of his age, doing, in the figure of a lamb, the feats of a lion he hath indeed better bettered expectation than you must expect of me to tell you how. Leon.He hath an uncle here in Messina will be very much glad of it. Mess.I have already delivered him letters, and there appears much joy in him even so much that joy could not show itself modest enough without a badge of bitterness. Leon.Did he break out into tears Mess.In great measure. Leon.A kind overflow of kindness there are no faces truer than those that are so washed. How much better is it to weep at joy than to joy at weeping! Beat.I pray you, is Signior Mountanto returned from the wars or no Mess.I know none of that name, lady there was none such in the army of any sort. Leon.What is he that you ask for, niece Hero.My cousin means Signior Benedick of Padua. Mess.O, he's returned and as pleasant as ever he was. Beat.He set up his bills here in Messina and challenged Cupid at the flight and my uncle's fool, reading the challenge, subscribed for Cupid, and challenged him at the bird-bolt. I pray you, how many hath he killed and eaten in these wars But how many hath he killed for indeed I promised to eat all of his killing. Leon.Faith, niece, you tax Signior Benedick too much but he'll be meet with you, I doubt it not. Mess.He hath done good service, lady, in these wars. Beat.You had musty victual, and he hath holp to eat it he is a very valiant trencherman he hath an excellent stomach. Mess.And a good soldier too, lady. Beat.And a good soldier to a lady but what is he to a lord Mess.A lord to a lord, a man to a man stuffed with all honorable virtues. Beat.It is so, indeed he is no less than a stuffed man but for the stuffing,-well, we are all mortal. Leon.You must not, sir, mistake my niece. There is a kind of merry war betwixt Signior Benedick and her they never meet but there's a skirmish of wit between them. Beat.Alas! he gets nothing by that. In our last conflict four of his five wits went halting off, and now is the whole man governed with one so that if he have wit enough to keep himself warm, let him bear it for a difference between himself and his horse for it is all the wealth that he hath left, to be known a reasonable creature. Who is his companion now He hath every month a new sworn brother. Mess.Is't possible Beat.Very easily possible he wears his faith but as the fashion of his hat it ever changes with the next block. Mess.I see, lady, the gentleman is not in your books. Beat.No an he were, I would burn my study. But, I pray you, who is his companion Is there no young squarer now that will make a voyage with him to the devil Mess.He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio. Beat.O Lord, he will hang upon him like a disease he is sooner caught than the pestilence, and the taker runs presently mad. God help the noble Claudio! if he have caught the Benedick, it will cost him a thousand pound ere a' be cured. Mess.I will hold friends with you, lady. Beat.Do, good friend. Leon.You will never run mad, niece. Beat.No, not till a hot January. Mess.Don Pedro is approached. Enter DON  Signior Leonato, you are come to meet your trouble the fashion of the world is to avoid cost, and you encounter it. Leon.Never came trouble to my house in the likeness of your grace for trouble being gone, comfort should remain but when you depart from me, sorrow abides and happiness takes his leave. D. Pedro.You embrace your charge too willingly. I think this is your daughter. Leon.Her mother hath many times told me so. Bene.Were you in doubt, sir, that you asked her Leon.Signior Benedick, no for then were you a child. D. Pedro.You have it full, Benedick we may guess by this what you are, being a man. Truly, the lady fathers herself. Be happy, lady for you are like an honorable father. Bene.If Signior Leonato be her father, she would not have his head on her shoulders for all Messina, as like him as she is. Beat.I wonder that you will still be talking, Signior Benedick nobody marks you. Bene.What, my dear Lady Disdain! are you yet livingng Beat.Is it possible disdain should die while she hath such meet food to feed it as Signior Benedickck Courtesy itself must convert to disdain, if you come in her presence. Bene.Then is courtesy a turncoat. But it is certain I am loved of all ladies, only you excepted and I would I could find in my heart that I had not a hard heart for, truly, I love none. Beat.A dear happiness to women they would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor. I thank God and my cold blood, I am of your humor for that I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me. Bene.God keep your ladyship still in that mind! so some gentleman or other shall 'scape a predestinate scratched face. Beat.Scratching could not make it worse, an 'twere such a face as yours were. Bene.Well, you are a rare parrot-teacher. Beat.A bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours. Bene.I would my horse had the speed of your tongue, and so good a continuer. But keep your way, i' God's name I have done. Beat.You always end with a jade's trick I know you of old. D. Pedro.That is the sum of all, Leonato. Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick, my dear friend Leonato hath invited you all. I tell him we shall stay here at the least a month and he heartily prays some occasion may detain us longer. I dare swear he is no hypocrite, but prays from his heart. Leon.If you swear, my lord, you shall not be forsworn. John Let me bid you welcome, my lord being reconciled to the prince your brother, I owe you all duty. John.I thank you I am not of many words, but I thank you. Leon.Please it your grace lead on D. Pedro.Your hand, Leonato we will go together.  Benedick and Claudio. Claud.Benedick, didst thou note the daughter of Signior Leonato Bene.I noted her not but I looked on her. Claud.Is she not a modest young lady Bene.Do you question me, as an honest man should do, for my simple true judgement or would you have me speak after my custom, as being a professed tyrant to their sex Claud.No I pray thee speak in sober judgement. Bene.Why, i' faith, methinks she's too low for a high praise, too brown for a fair praise and too little for a great praise only this commendation I can afford her, that were she other than she is, she were unhandsome and being no other but as she is, I do not like her. Claud.Thou thinkest I am in sport I pray thee tell me truly how thou likest her. Bene.Would you buy her, that you inquire after her Claud.Can the world buy such a jewelel Bene.Yea, and a case to put it into. But speak you this with a sad brow or do you play the flouting Jack, to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan a rare carpenter Come, in what key shall a man take you, to go in the song Claud.In mine eye she is the sweetest lady that ever I looked on. Bene.I can see yet without spectacles and I see no such matter there's her cousin, an she were not possessed with a fury, exceeds her as much in beauty as the first of May doth the last of December. But I hope you have no intent to turn husband, have you Claud.I would scarce trust myself, though I had sworn the contrary, if Hero would be my wife.  to this In faith, hath not the world one man but he will wear his cap with suspicion Shall I never see a bachelor of threescore again Go to, i' faith an thou wilt needs thrust thy neck into a yoke, wear the print of it and sigh away Sundays. Look Don Pedro is returned to seek you. Re-enter DON  Pedro.What secret hath held you here, that you followed not to Leonato's Bene.I would your grace would constrain me to tell. Pedro.I charge thee on thy allegiance. Bene.You hear, Count Claudio I can be secret as a dumb man I would have you think so but, on my allegiance, mark you this, on my allegiance. He is in love. With who now that is your grace's part. Mark how short his answer is -With Hero, Leonato's short daughter. Claud.If this were so, so were it uttered. Bene.Like the old tale, my lord 'it is not so, nor 'twas not so, but, indeed, God forbid it should be so. Claud.If my passion change not shortly, God forbid it should be otherwise. D. Pedro.Amen, if you love her for the lady is very well worthy. Claud.You speak this to fetch me in, my lord. D. Pedro.By my troth, I speak my thought. Claud.And, in faith, my lord, I spoke mine. Bene.And, by my two faiths and troths, my lord, I spoke mine. Claud.That I love her, I feel. D. Pedro.That she is worthy, I know. Bene.That I neither feel how she should be loved nor know how she should be worthy, is the opinion that fire cannot melt out of me I will die in it at the stake. Pedro.Thou wast ever an obstinate heretic in the despite of beauty. Claud.And never could maintain his part but in the force of his will. Bene.That a woman conceived me, I thank her that she brought me up, I likewise give her most humble thanks but that I will have a recheat winded in my forehead, or hang my bugle in an invisible baldrick, all women shall pardon me. Because I will not do them the wrong to mistrust any, I will do myself the right to trust none and the fine is, for the which I may go the finer, I will live a bachelor. D. Pedro.I shall see thee, ere I die, look pale with love. Bene.With anger, with sickness, or with hunger, my lord, not with love prove that ever I lose more blood with love than I will get again with drinking, pick out mine eyes with a ballad-maker's pen and hang me up at the door of a brothel-house for the sign of blind Cupid. D. Pedro.Well, if ever thou dost fall from this faith, thou wilt prove a notable argument. Bene.If I do, hang me in a bottle like a cat and shoot at me and he that hits me, let him be clapped on the shoulder, and called Adam. Pedro.Well, as time shall try 'In time the savage bull doth bear  savage bull may but if ever the sensible Benedick bear it, pluck off the bull's horns and set them in my forehead and let me be vilely painted, and in such great letters as they write 'Here is a good horse to hire,' let them signify under my  see Benedick the married man.' Claud.If this should ever happen, thou wouldst be horn-mad. D. Pedro.Nay, if Cupid have not spent all his quiver in Venice, thou wilt quake for this shortly. Bene.I look for an earthquake too, then. D. Pedro.Well, you will temporize with the hours. In the meantime, good Signior Bendick, repair to Leonato's commend me to him and tell him I will not fail him at supper for indeed he hath made great preparation. Bene.I have almost matter enough in me for such an embassage and so I commit you~ Claud.To the tuition of God From my house, if I had it,~ D. Pedro.The sixth of July Your loving friend, Benedick. Bene.Nay, mock not, mock not. The body of your discourse is sometime guarded with fragments, and the guards are but slightly basted on neither ere you flout old ends any further, examine your conscience and so I leave you. Exit. Claud.My liege, your highness now may do me good. D. Pedro.My love is thine to teach teach it but how, And thou shalt see how apt it is to learn Any hard lesson that may do thee good. Claud.Hath Leonato any son, my lord D. Pedro.No child but Hero she's his only heir. Dost thou affect her, Claudio Claud.O, my lord, When you went onward on this ended action, I look'd upon her with a soldier's eye, That liked, but had a rougher task in hand Than to drive liking to the name of love But now I am return'd and that war-thoughts Have left their places vacant, in their rooms Come thronging soft and delicate desires, All prompting me how fair young Hero is, Saying, I liked her ere I went to wars. D. Pedro.Thou wilt be like a lover presently And tire the hearer with a book of words. If thou dost love fair Hero, cherish it, And I will break with her and with her father, And thou shalt have her. Was't not to this end That thou began'st to twist so fine a story Claud.How sweetly you do minister to love, That know love's grief by his complexion! But lest my liking might too sudden seem, I would have salved it with a longer treatise. D. Pedro.What need the bridge much broader than the flood The fairest grant is the necessity. Look, what will serve is fit 'tis once, thou lovest, And I will fit thee with the remedy. I know we shall have revelling to-night I will assume thy part in some disguise And tell fair Hero I am Claudio, And in her bosom I'll unclasp my heart And take her hearing prisoner with the force And strong encounter of my amorous tale Then after to her father will I break And the conclusion is, she shall be thine. In practice let us put it presently. Exeunt. SCENE  in  house.  now, brother! Where is my cousin, your son hath he provided this music Ant.He is very busy about it. But, brother, I can tell you strange news that you yet dreamt not of. Leon.Are they good Ant.As the event stamps them but they have a good cover they show well outward. The prince and Count Claudio, walking in a thick-pleached alley in mine orchard, were much overheard by a man of mine the prince discovered to Claudio that he loved my niece your daughter and meant to acknowledge it this night in a dance and if he found her accordant, he meant to take the present time by the top and instantly break with you of it. Leon.Hath the fellow any wit that told you thist.A good sharp fellow I will send for him and question him yourself. Leon.No, no we will hold it as a dream till it appear itself but I will acquaint my daughter withal, that she may be the better prepared for an answer, if peradventure this be true. Go you and tell her of it.  Cousins, you know what you have to do. O, I cry you mercy, friend go you with me, and I will use your skill. Good cousin, have a care this busy time.  the good-year, my lord! why are you thus out of measure sad D. John.There is no measure in the occasion that breeds therefore the sadness is without limit. Con.You should hear reason. D. John.And when I have heard it, what blessing brings it Con.If not a present remedy, least a patient   wonder that thou, being, as thou sayest thou art, born under Saturn, goest about to apply a moral medicine to a mortifying mischief. I cannot hide what I am I must be sad when I have cause and smile at no man's jests, eat when I have stomach and wait for no man's leisure, sleep when I am drowsy and tend on no man's business, laugh when I am merry and claw no man in his humor. Con.Yea, but you must not make the full show of this till you may do it without controlment. You have of late stood out against your brother, and he hath ta'en you newly into his grace where it is impossible you should take true root but by the fair weather that you make yourself it is needful that you frame the season for your own  had rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace, and it better fits my blood to be disdained of all than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any in this, though I cannot be said to be a flattering honest man, it must not be denied but I am a plain-dealing villain. I am trusted with a muzzle and enfranchised with a clog therefore I have decreed not to sing in my cage. If I had my mouth, I would bite if I had my liberty, I would do my liking in the meantime let me be that I am and seek not to alter me. Con.Can you make no use of your discontent D. John.I make all use of it, for I use it only. Who comes  Bora.I came yonder from a great supper the prince your brother is royally entertained by Leonato and I can give you intelligence of an intended marriage. D. John.Will it serve for any model to build mischief on What is he for a fool that betroths himself to unquietness Bora.Marry, it is your brother's right hand. D. John.Who the most exquisite Claudio Bora.Even  John.A proper squire! And who, and who which way looks he Bora.Marry, on Hero, the daughter and heir of Leonato. D. John.A very forward March-chick! How came you to this Bora.Being entertained for a perfumer, as I was smoking a musty room, comes me the prince and Claudio, hand in hand, in sad conference I whipt me behind the arras and there heard it agreed upon that the prince should woo Hero for himself, and having obtained her, give her to Count Claudio.  come, let us thither this may prove food to my displeasure. That young start-up hath all the glory of my overthrow if I can cross him any way, I bless myself every way. You are both sure, and will assist me Con.To the death, my lord. John.Let us to the great supper their cheer is the greater that I am subdued. Would the cook were of my mind! Shall we go prove what's to be done Bora.We'll wait upon your lordship.  in LEONATO'S house.  not Count John here at supper Ant.I saw him not. Beat.How tartly that gentleman looks! I never can see him but I am heart-burned an hour after. Hero.He is of a very melancholy disposition. Beat.He were an excellent man that were made just in the midway between him and Benedick the one is too like an image and says nothing, and the other too like my lady's eldest son, evermore tattling. Leon.Then half Signior Benedick's tongue in Count John's mouth, and half Count John's melancholy in Signior Benedick's face,~ Beat.With a good leg and a good foot, uncle, and money enough in his purse, such a man would win any woman in the world, if a' could get her good-will. Leon.By my troth, niece, thou wilt never get thee a husband, if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue. Ant.In faith, she's too curst. Beat.Too curst is more than curst I shall lessen God's sending that way for it is said, 'God sends a curst cow short horns ' but to a cow too curst he sends none. Leon.So, by being too curst, God will send you no horns. Beat.Just, if he send me no husband for the which blessing I am at him upon my knees every morning and evening. Lord, I could not endure a husband with a beard on his face I had rather lie in the woollen. Leon.You may light on a husband that hath no beard. Beat.What should I do with him dress him in my apparel and make him my waiting~gentlewoman He that hath a beard is more than a youth, and he that hath no beard is less than a man and he that is more than a youth is not for me, and he that is less than a man, I am not for him therefore I will even take sixpence in earnest of the bear-ward, and lead his apes into hell. Leon.Well, then, go you into hell Beat.No, but to the gate and there will the devil meet me, like an old cuckold, with horns on his head, and say 'Get you to heaven, Beatrice, get you to heaven here's no  maids ' so deliver I up my apes, and away to Saint Peter for the heavens he shows me where the bachelors sit, and there live we as merry as the day is long. Well, niece, I trust you will be ruled by your  faith it is my cousin's duty to make curtsy and say 'Father,  yet for all that, cousin, let him be a handsome fellow, or else make another curtsy and  please me.' Leon.Well, niece, I hope to see you one day fitted with a husband. Beat.Not till God make men of some other metal than earth. Would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a piece of valiant dust to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl No, uncle, I'll none Adam's sons are my brethren and, truly, I hold it a sin to match in my kindred. Leon.Daughter, remember what I told you if the prince do solicit you in that kind, you know your answer. Beat.The fault will be in the music, cousin, if you be not wooed in good time if the prince be too important, tell him there is measure in every thing and so dance out the answer. For, hear me, Hero wooing, wedding, and repenting, is as a Scotch jig, a measure, and a cinque pace the first suit is hot and hasty, like a Scotch jig, and full as fantastical the wedding, mannerly-modest, as a measure, full of state and ancientry and then comes repentance and, with his bad legs, falls into the cinque pace faster and faster, till he sink into his grave. Leon.Cousin, you apprehend passing shrewdly. Beat.I have a good eye, uncle I can see a church by daylight. Leon.The revellers are entering, brother make good   and others, masked. D. Pedro.Lady, will you walk about with your friend Hero.So you walk softly and look sweetly and say nothing, I am yours for the walk and especially when I walk away. D. Pedro.With me in your company Hero.I may say so, when I please. D. Pedro.And when please you to say so Hero.When I like your favor for God defend the lute should be like the case! D. Pedro.My visor is Philemon's roof within the house is Jove. Hero.Why, then, your visor should be thatched. D. Pedro.Speak low, if you speak  I would you did like me. Marg.So would not I, for your own sake for I have many ill qualities. Balth.Which is onene Marg.I say my prayers aloud. Balth.I love you the better the hearers may cry, Amen. Marg.God match me with a good dancer! Balth.Amen. Marg.And God keep him out of my sight when the dance is done! Answer, clerk. Balth.No more words the clerk is answered. Urs.I know you well enough you are Signior Antonio. Ant.At a word, I am not. Urs.I know you by the waggling of your head. Ant.To tell you true, I counterfeit him. Urs.You could never do him so ill-well, unless you were the very man. Here's his dry hand up and down you are he, you are he. Ant.At a word, I am not. Urs.Come, come, do you think I do not know you by your excellent wit can virtue hide itself Go to, mum, you are he graces will appear, and there's an end. Beat.Will you not tell me who told you so Bene.No, you shall pardon me. Beat.Nor will you not tell me who you are Bene.Not now. Beat.That I was disdainful, and that I had my good wit out of the  this was Signior Benedick that said so. Bene.What's he Beat.I am sure you know him well enough. Bene.Not I, believe me. Beat.Did he never make you laugh Bene.I pray you, what is he Beat.Why, he is the prince's jester a very dull fool only his gift is in devising impossible slanders none but libertines delight in him and the commendation is not in his wit, but in his villany for he both pleases men and angers them, and then they laugh at him and beat him. I am sure he is in the fleet I would he had boarded me. Bene.When I know the gentleman, I'll tell him what you say. Beat.Do, do he'll but break a comparison or two on me which, peradventure not marked or not laughed at, strikes him into melancholy and then there's a partridge wing saved, for the fool will eat no supper that night. Music. We must follow the  every good thing. Beat.Nay, if they lead to any ill, I will leave them at the next  Borachio, and Claudio. D. John.Sure my brother is amorous on Hero and hath withdrawn her father to break with him about it. The ladies follow her and but one visor remains. Bora.And that is Claudio I know him by his bearing. D. John.Are not you Signior Benedick Claud.You know me well I am he. D. John.Signior, you are very near my brother in his love he is enamored on Hero I pray you, dissuade him from her she is no equal for his birth you may do the part of an honest man in it. Claud.How know you he loves her  him swear his affection. Bora.So did I too and he swore he would marry her to-night.  let us to the  Claud.Thus answer I in name of Benedick, But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio. 'Tis certain so the prince wooes for himself. Friendship is constant in all other things Save in the office and affairs of love Therefore, all hearts in love use their own tongues Let every eye negotiate for itself And trust no agent for beauty is a witch Against whose charms faith melteth into blood. This is an accident of hourly proof, Which I mistrusted not. Farewell, therefore,  Bene.Count Claudio Claud.Yea, the same. Bene.Come, will you go with me Claud.Whither Bene.Even to the next willow, about your own business, county. What fashion will you wear the garland of about your neck, like an usurer's chain or under your arm, like a lieutenant's scarf You must wear it one way, for the prince hath got your Hero. Claud.I wish him joy of her. Bene.Why, that's spoken like an honest drovier so they sell bullocks. But did you think the prince would have served you thus Claud.I pray you, leave me, Bene.Ho! now you strike like the blind man 'twas the boy that stole your meat, and you'll beat the post. Claud.If it will not be, I'll leave you. Exit. Bene.Alas, poor hurt fowl! now will he creep into sedges. But that my Lady Beatrice should know me, and not know me! The prince's fool! Ha It may be I go under that title because I am merry. Yea, but so I am apt to do myself wrong I am not so reputed it is the base, though bitter, disposition of Beatrice that puts the world into her person, and so gives me out. Well, I'll be revenged as I may. Re-enter  signior, where's the count did you see him Bene.Troth, my lord, I have played the part of Lady Fame. I found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren I told him, and I think I told him true, that your grace had got the good will of this young lady and I offered him my company to a willow-tree, either to make him a garland, as being forsaken, or to bind him up a rod, as being worthy to be whipped. D. Pedro.To be whipped! What's his fault Bene.The flat transgression of a school-boy, who, being overjoyed with finding a birds' nest, shows it his companion, and he steals it. D. Pedro.Wilt thou make a trust a transgression The transgression is in the stealer. Bene.Yet it had not been amiss the rod had been made, and the garland too for the garland he might have worn himself, and the rod he might have bestowed on you, who, as I take it, have stolen his birds' nest. D. Pedro.I will but teach them to sing, and restore them to the owner. Bene.If their singing answer your saying, by my faith, you say honestly. Pedro.The Lady Beatrice hath a quarrel to you the gentleman that danced with her told her she is much wronged by you. Bene.O, she misused me past the endurance of a block! an oak but with one green leaf on it would have answered her my very visor began to assume life and scold with her. She told me, not thinking I had been myself, that I was the prince's jester, that I was duller than a great thaw huddling jest upon jest with such impossible conveyance upon me that I stood like a man at a mark, with a whole army shooting at me. She speaks poniards, and every word stabs if her breath were as terrible as her terminations, there were no living near her she would infect to the north star. I would not marry her, though she were endowed with all that Adam had left him before he transgressed she would have made Hercules have turned spit, yea, and have cleft his club to make the fire too. Come, talk not of her you shall find her the infernal Ate in good apparel. I would to God some scholar would conjure her for certainly, while she is here, a man may live as quiet in hell as in a sanctuary and people sin upon purpose, because they would go thither so, indeed, all disquiet, horror and perturbation follows her. Re-enter  your grace command me any service to the world's end I will go on the slightest errand now to the Antipodes that you can devise to send me on I will fetch you a tooth-picker now from the furthest inch of Asia, bring you the length of Prester John's foot, fetch you a hair off the great Cham's beard, do you any embassage to the Pigmies, rather than hold three words' conference with this harpy. You have no employment for me D. Pedro.None, but to desire your good company. Bene.O God, sir, here's a dish I love not I cannot endure my Lady Tongue. Exit. D. Pedro.Come, lady, come you have lost the heart of Signior Benedick. Beat.Indeed, my lord, he lent it me awhile and I gave him use for it, a double heart for his single one marry, once before he won it of me with false dice, therefore your grace may well say I have lost it. Pedro.You have put him down, lady, you have put him down. Beat.So I would not he should do me, my lord, lest I should prove the mother of fools. I have brought Count Claudio, whom you sent me to seek. Pedro.Why, how now, count! wherefore are you sad Claud.Not sad, my lord. D. Pedro.How then sick Claud.Neither, my lord. Beat.The count is neither sad, nor sick, nor merry, nor well but civil count, civil as an orange, and something of that jealous complexion. D. Pedro.I' faith, lady, I think your blazon to be true though, I'll be sworn, if he be so, his conceit is false. Here, Claudio, I have wooed in thy name, and fair Hero is won I have broke with her father, and his good will obtained name the day of marriage, and God give thee joy! Leon.Count, take of me my daughter, and with her my fortunes his grace hath made the match, and all grace say Amen to it. Beat.Speak, count, 'tis your cue. Claud.Silence is the perfectest herald of joy I were but little happy, if I could say how much. Lady, as you are mine, I am yours I give away myself for you and dote upon the exchange. Beat.Speak, cousin or, if you cannot, stop his mouth with a kiss, and let not him speak neither. D. Pedro.In faith, lady, you have a merry heart. Beat.Yea, my lord I thank it, poor fool, it keeps on the windy side of care. My cousin tells him in his ear that he is in her heart. Claud.And so she doth, cousin. Beat.Good Lord, for alliance! Thus goes every one to the world but I, and I am sunburnt I may sit in a corner and cry heigh-ho for a husband! D. Pedro.Lady Beatrice, I will get you one. Beat.I would rather have one of your father's getting. Hath your grace ne'er a brother like you Your father got excellent husbands, if a maid could come by them. D. Pedro.Will you have me, lady Beat.No, my lord, unless I might have another for working-days your grace is too costly to wear every day. But, I beseech your grace, pardon me I was born to speak all mirth and no matter. D. Pedro.Your silence most offends me, and to be merry best becomes you for, out of question, you were born in a merry hour. Beat.No, sure, my lord, my mother cried but then there was a star danced, and under that was I born. Cousins, God give you joy! Leon.Niece, will you look to those things I told you of Beat.I cry you mercy, uncle. By your grace's pardon.  my troth, a pleasant-spirited lady. Leon.There's little of the melancholy element in her, my lord she is never sad but when she sleeps, and not ever sad then for I have heard my daughter say, she hath often dreamed of unhappiness and waked herself with laughing. Pedro.She cannot endure to hear tell of a husband. Leon.O, by no means she mocks all her wooers out of suit. D. Pedro.She were an excellent wife for Benedick. Leon.O Lord, my lord, if they were but a week married, they would talk themselves mad.  Claudio, when mean you to go to churchch Claud.To-morrow, my lord time goes on crutches till love have all his rites. Leon.Not till Monday, my dear son, which is hence a just seven-night and a time too brief, too, to have all things answer my mind. D. Pedro.Come, you shake the head at so long a breathing but, I warrant thee, Claudio, the time shall not go dully by us. I will in the interim undertake one of Hercules' labors which is, to bring Signior Benedick and the Lady Beatrice into a mountain of affection the one with the other. I would fain have it a match, and I doubt not but to fashion it, if you three will but minister such assistance as I shall give you direction. Leon.My lord, I am for you, though it cost me ten nights' watchings. Claud.And I, my  you too, gentle Hero Hero.I will do any modest office, my lord, to help my cousin to a good  Benedick is not the unhopefullest husband that I know. Thus far can I praise him he is of a noble strain, of approved valor and confirmed honesty. I will teach you how to humor your cousin, that she shall fall in love with Benedick and I, with your two helps, will so practise on Benedick that, in despite of his quick wit and his queasy stomach, he shall fall in love with Beatrice. If we can do this, Cupid is no longer an archer his glory shall be ours, for we are the only love-gods. Go in with me, and I will tell you my   is so the Count Claudio shall marry the daughter of Leonato. Bora.Yea, my lord but I can cross it. D. John.Any bar, any cross, any impediment will be medicinable to me I am sick in displeasure to him, and whatsoever comes athwart his affection ranges evenly with mine. How canst thou cross this marriage Bora.Not honestly, my lord but so covertly that no dishonesty shall appear in me.  me briefly how. Bora.I think I told your lordship a year since, how much I am in the favor of Margaret, the waiting gentlewoman to Hero. D. John.I remember. Bora.I can, at any unseasonable instant of the night, appoint her to look out at her lady's chamber-window. John.What life is in that, to be the death of this marriage Bora.The poison of that lies in you to temper. Go you to the prince your brother spare not to tell him that he hath wronged his honor in marrying the renowned Claudio~whose estimation do you mightily hold up-to a contaminated stale, such a one as Hero. D. John.What proof shall I make of that Bora.Proof enough to misuse the prince, to vex Claudio, to undo Hero and kill Leonato. Look you for any other issue D. John.Only to despite them, I will endeavor any thing. Bora.Go, then find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro and the Count Claudio alone tell them that you know that Hero loves me intend a kind of zeal both to the prince and Claudio, as,-in love of your brother's honor, who hath made this match, and his friend's reputation, who is thus like to be cozened with the semblance of a maid,-that you have discovered thus. They will scarcely believe this without trial offer them instances which shall bear no less likelihood than to see me at her chamber-window, hear me call Margaret Hero, hear Margaret term me Claudio and bring them to see this the very night before the intended wedding,-for in the meantime I will so fashion the matter that Hero shall be absent,-and there shall appear such seeming truth of Hero's disloyalty that jealousy shall be called assurance and all the preparation overthrown. D. John.Grow this to what adverse issue it can, I will put it in practice. Be cunning in the working this, and thy fee is a thousand ducats. Bora.Be you constant in the accusation, and my cunning shall not shame me. D. John.I will presently go learn their day of marriage.    Boy.Signior Bene.In my chamber-window lies a book bring it hither to me in the orchard. Boy.I am here already, sir. Bene.I know that but I would have thee hence, and here again.  do much wonder that one man, seeing how much another man is a fool when he dedicates his behaviors to love, will, after he hath laughed at such shallow follies in others, become the argument of his own scorn by falling in love and such a man is Claudio. I have known when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife and now had he rather hear the tabor and the pipe I have known when he would have walked ten mile a-foot to see a good armor and now will he lie ten nights awake, carving the fashion of a new doublet. He was wont to speak plain and to the purpose, like an honest man and a soldier and now is he turned orthography his words are a very fantastical banquet, just so many strange dishes. May I be so converted and see with these eyes I cannot tell I think not I will not be sworn but love may transform me to an oyster but I'll take my oath on it, till he have made an oyster of me, he shall never make me such a fool. One woman is fair, yet I am well another is wise, yet I am well another virtuous, yet I am well but till all graces be in one woman, one woman shall not come in my grace. Rich she shall be, that's certain wise, or I'll none virtuous, or I'11 never cheapen her fair, or I'll never look on her mild, or come not near me noble, or not I for an angel of good discourse, an excellent musician, and her hair shall be of what color it please God. Ha! the prince and Monsieur Love! I will hide me in the   shall we hear this music Claud.Yea, my good lord. How still the evening is, As hush'd on purpose to grace harmony! D. Pedro.See you where Benedick hath hid himself Claud.O, very well, my lord the music ended, We'll fit the kid-fox with a pennyworth. Enter  Balthasar, we'll hear that song again. Balth.O, good my lord, tax not so bad a voice To slander music any more than once. D. Pedro.It is the witness still of excellency To put a strange face on his own perfection. I pray thee, sing, and let me woo no more. Balth.Because you talk of wooing, I will sing Since many a wooer doth commence his suit To her he thinks not worthy, yet he wooes, Yet will he swear he loves. D. Pedro.Now, pray thee, come Or, if thou wilt hold longer argument, Do it in notes. Balth.Note this before my notes There's not a note of mine that's worth the noting. D.  these are very crotchets that he speaks Note, notes, forsooth, and  divine air! now is his soul ravished! Is it not strange that sheeps' guts should hale souls out of men's bodies Well, a horn for my money, when all's  more, ladies, sigh no more, Men were deceivers ever, One foot in sea and one on shore, To one thing constant never Then sigh not so, but let them go, And be you blithe and bonny,     so, c. D. Pedro.By my troth, a good song. Balth.And an ill singer, my lord. Pedro.Ha, no, no, faith thou singest well enough for a shift. Bene.An he had been a dog that should have howled thus, they would have hanged him and I pray God his bad voice bode no mischief. I had as lief have heard the night~raven, come what plague could have come after it. Pedro.Yea, marry, dost thou hear, Balthasar I pray thee, get us some excellent music for to-morrow night we would have it at the Lady Hero's chamber-window. Balth.The best I can, my  so farewell.  hither, Leonato. What was it you told me of to-day, that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signior Benedick Claud.O, ay stalk on, stalk on the fowl sits.  did never think that lady would have loved any man. Leon.No, nor I neither but most wonderful that she should so dote on Signior Benedick, whom she hath in all outward behaviors seemed ever to abhor. Bene.Is't possible Sits the wind in that corner Leon.By my troth, my lord, I cannot tell what to think of it but that she loves him with an enraged affection it is past the infinite of thought. D.  be she doth but counterfeit. Claud.Faith, like enough. Leon.O God, counterfeit! There was neverever counterfeit of passion came so near the life of passion as she discovers it. D. Pedro.Why, what effects of passion shows she Claud.Bait the hook well this fish will bite. Leon.What effects, my lord She will sit you, you heard my daughter tell you how. Claud.She did, indeed. D. Pedro.How, how, I pray you You amaze me I would have thought her spirit had been invincible against all assaults of affection. Leon.I would have sworn it had, my lord especially against Benedick. Bene.I should think this a gull, but that the white-bearded fellow speaks it knavery cannot, sure, hide himself in such reverence. Claud.He hath ta'en the infection hold it up. D. Pedro.Hath she made her affection known to Benedickck Leon.No and swears she never will that's her torment. Claud.'Tis true, indeed so your daughter says 'Shall I,' says she, 'that have so oft encountered him with scorn, write to  that I love him' Leon.This says she now when she is beginning to write to him for she'll be up twenty times a night, and there will she sit in her smock till she have writ a sheet of paper my daughter tells us all. Claud.Now you talk of a sheet of paper, I remember a pretty jest your daughter told us of. Leon.O, when she had writ it and was reading it over, she found Benedick and Beatrice between the sheet Claud.That. Leon.O, she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence railed at herself, that she should be so immodest to write to one that she knew would flout  says she, 'by my  flout him, if he writ to me yea, though I love him, I should.' Claud.Then down upon her knees she falls, weeps, sobs, beats her heart, tears her hair, prays, curses 'O  doth indeed my daughter says so and the ecstasy hath so much overborne her that my daughter is sometime afeard she will do a desperate outrage to herself it is very true. D. Pedro.It were good that Benedick knew of it by some other, if she will not discover it. Claud.To what end He  but a sport of it and torment the poor lady worse. D. Pedro.An he should, it were an alms to hang him. She's an excellent sweet lady and, out of all suspicion, she is virtuous. Claud.And she is exceeding wise. D. Pedro.In every thing but in loving Benedick. Leon.O, my lord, wisdom and blood combating in so tender a body, we have ten proofs to one that blood hath the victory. I am sorry for her, as I have just cause, being her uncle and her guardian. Pedro.I would she had bestowed this dotage on me I would have daffed all other respects and made her half myself. I pray you, tell Benedick of it, and hear what a' will say. Leon.Were it good, think you Claud.Hero thinks surely she will die for she says she will die, if he love her not, and she will die, ere she make her love known, and she will die, if he woo her, rather than she will bate one breath of her accustomed crossness. D. Pedro.She doth well if she should make tender of her love, 'tis very possible he'll scorn it for the man, as you know all, hath a contemptible spirit. Claud.He is a very proper man. D. Pedro.He hath indeed a good outward happiness. Claud.Before God! and, in my mind, very wise. D. Pedro.He doth indeed show some sparks that are like wit. Claud.And I take him to be valiant. Pedro.As Hector, I assure you and in the managing of quarrels you may say he is wise for either he avoids them with great discretion, or undertakes them with a most Christian-like fear. Leon.If he do fear God, a' must necessarily keep peace if he break the peace, he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and  so will he do for the man doth fear God, howsoever it seems not in him by some large jests he will make. Well, I am sorry for your niece. Shall we go seek Benedick, and tell him of her love Claud.Never tell him, my lord let her wear it out with good counsel. Leon.Nay, that's impossible she may wear her heart out first. D. Pedro.Well, we will hear further of it by your daughter let it cool the while. I love Benedick well and I could wish he would modestly examine himself, to see how much he is unworthy so good a lady. Leon.My lord, will you walk dinner is ready. Claud.If he do not dote on her upon this, I will never trust my expectation. D. Pedro.Let there be the same net spread for her and that must your daughter and her gentlewoman carry. The sport will be, when they hold one an opinion of another's dotage, and no such matter that's the scene that I would see, which will be merely a dumb-show. Let us send her to call him in to dinner.dinner. Exeunt Don Pedro, Claudio, and Leonato.  This can be no trick the conference was sadly borne. They have the truth of this from Hero. They seem to pity the lady it seems her affections have their full bent. Love me! why, it must be requited. I hear how I am censured they say I will bear myself proudly, if I perceive the love come from her they say too that she will rather die than give any sign of affection. I did never think to marry I must not seem proud happy are they that hear their detractions and can put them to mending. They say the lady is fair 'tis a truth, I can bear them witness and virtuous 'tis so, I cannot reprove it and wise, but for loving me by my troth, it is no addition to her wit, nor no great argument of her folly, for I will be horribly in love with her. I may choice have some odd quirks and remnants of wit broken on me, because I have railed so long against marriage but doth not the appetite alter a man loves the meat in his youth that he cannot endure in his age. Shall quips and sentences and these paper bullets of the brain awe a man from the career of his humor No, the world must be peopled. When I said I would die a bachelor, I did not think I should live till I were married. Here comes Beatrice. By this day! she's a fair lady I do spy some marks of love in her. Enter BEATRICE. Beat.Against my will I am sent to bid you come in to dinner. Bene.Fair Beatrice, I thank you for your pains. Beat.I took no more pains for those thanks than you take pains to thank me if it had been painful, I would not have come. Bene.You take pleasure then in the message Beat.Yea, just so much as you may take upon a knife's point and choke a daw withal. You have no stomach, signior fare you well. Exit. Bene.Ha! 'Against my will I am sent to bid you come in to dinner ' there's a double meaning in that. 'I took no more pains for those thanks than you took pains to thank me ' that's as much as to say, Any pains that I take for you is as easy as thanks. If I do not take pity of her, I am a villain if I do not love her, I am a Jew. I will go get her picture.  Margaret, run thee to the parlor There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the prince and Claudio Whisper her ear and tell her, I and Ursula Walk in the orchard and our whole discourse Is all of her say that thou overheard'st us And bid her steal into the pleached bower, Where honeysuckles, ripen'd by the sun, Forbid the sun to enter, like favorites, Made proud by princes, that advance their pride Against that power that bred it there will she hide her, To listen our purpose. This is thy office Bear thee well in it and leave us  her come, I warrant you, presently. Exit. Hero.Now, Ursula, when Beatrice doth come, As we do trace this alley up and down, Our talk must only be of Benedick. When I do name him, let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit My talk to thee must be how Benedick Is sick in love with Beatrice. Of this matter Is little Cupid's crafty arrow made, That only wounds by hearsay.  For look where Beatrice, like a lapwing, runs Close by the ground, to hear our conference. Urs.The pleasant'st angling is to see the fish Cut with her golden oars the silver stream, And greedily devour the treacherous bait So angle we for Beatrice who even now Is couched in the woodbine coverture. Fear you not my part of the dialogue. Hero.Then go we near her, that her ear lose nothing Of the false sweet bait that we lay for  No, truly, Ursula, she is too disdainful I know her spirits are as coy and wild As haggerds of the rock. Urs.But are you sure That Benedick loves Beatrice so entirely Hero.So says the prince and my newtrothed lord. Urs.And did they bid you tell her of it, madam Hero.They did entreat me to acquaint her of it But I persuaded them, if they loved Benedick, To wish him wrestle with affection, And never to let Beatrice know of it. Urs.Why did you so Doth not the gentleman Deserve as full as fortunate a bed As ever Beatrice shall couch upon Hero.O god of love! I know he doth deserve As much as may be yielded to a man But nature never framed a woman's heart Of prouder stuff than that of Beatrice Disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes, Misprising what they look on, and her wit Values itself so highly that to her All matter else seems weak she cannot love, Nor take no shape nor project of affection, She is so self-endeared. Urs.Sure, I think so And therefore certainly it were not good She knew his love, lest she make sport at it. Hero.Why, you speak truth. I never yet saw man, How wise, how noble, young, how rarely featured, But she would spell him backward if fairfaced, She would swear the gentleman should be her sister If black, why, Nature, drawing of an antique, Made a foul blot if tall, a lance ill-headed If low, an agate very vilely cut If speaking, why, a vane blown with all winds If silent, why, a block moved with none. So turns she every man the wrong side out And never gives to truth and virtue that Which simpleness and merit purchaseth. Urs.Sure, sure, such carping is not commendable. Hero.No, not to be so odd and from all fashions As Beatrice is, cannot be commendable But who dare tell her so If I should speak, She would mock me into air O, she would laugh me Out of myself, press me to death with wit. Therefore let Benedick, like cover'd fire, Consume away in sighs, waste inwardly It were a better death than die with mocks, Which is as bad as die with tickling. Urs.Yet tell her of it hear what she will say. Hero.No rather I will go to Benedick And counsel him to fight against his passion. And, truly, I'll devise some honest slanders To stain my cousin with one doth not know How much an ill word may empoison liking. Urs.O, do not do your cousin such a wrong. She can not be so much without truejudgement~Having so swift and excellent a wit As she is prized to have-as to refuse So rare a gentleman as Signior Benedick. Hero.He is the only man of Italy, Always excepted my dear Claudio. Urs.I pray you, be not angry with me, madam, Speaking my fancy Signior Benedick, For shape, for bearing, argument and valor, Goes foremost in report through Italy. Hero.Indeed, he hath an excellent good name. Urs.His excellence did earn it, ere he had it. When are you married, madam Hero.Why, every day, to-morrow. Come, go in I'll show thee some attires, and have thy counsel Which is the best to furnish me to-morrow. Urs.She's limed, I warrant you we have caught her, madam. Hero.If it proves so, then loving goes by haps Some Cupid kills with arrows, some with traps.  Ursula.  fire is in mine ears Can this be true Stand I condemn'd for pride and scorn so much Contempt, farewell! and maiden pride, adieu! No glory lives behind the back of such. And, Benedick, love on I will requite thee, Taming my wild heart to thy loving hand If thou dost love, my kindness shall incite thee To bind our loves up in a holy band For others say thou dost deserve, and I Believe it better than reportingly.  house.   do but stay till your marriage be consummate, and then go I toward Arragon. Claud.I'll bring you thither, my lord, if you'll vouchsafe me. D. Pedro.Nay, that would be as great a soil in the new gloss of your marriage as to show a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it. I will only be bold with Benedick for his company for, from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot, he is all mirth he hath twice or thrice cut Cupid's bow-string and the little hangman dare not shoot at him he hath a heart as sound as a bell and his tongue is the clapper, for what his heart thinks his tongue speaks. Bene.Gallants, I am not as I have been. Leon.So say I methinks you are sadder. Claud.I hope he be in love. D. Pedro.Hang him, truant! there's no true drop of blood in him, to be truly touched with love if he be sad, he wants money. Bene.I have the  Bene.Hang it! Claud.You must hang it first, and draw it afterwards. D. Pedro.What! sigh for the toothache Leon.Where is but a humor or a worm. Bene.Well, every one can master a grief but he that has it. Claud.Yet say I, he is in love. D. Pedro.There is no appearance of fancy in him, unless it be a fancy that he hath to strange disguises as, to be a Dutchman today, a Frenchman to-morrow, or in the shape of two countries at once, as, a German from the waist downward, all slops, and a Spaniard from the hip upward, no doublet. Unless he have a fancy to this foolery, as it appears he hath, he is no fool for fancy, as you would have it appear he is. Claud.If he be not in love with some woman, there is no believing old signs a' brushes his hat o' mornings what should that bode D. Pedro.Hath any man seen him at the barber's Claud.No, but the barber's man hath been seen with him, and the old ornament of his cheek hath already stuffed tennis-balls. Leon.Indeed, he looks younger than he did, by the loss of a beard. D. Pedro.Nay, a' rubs himself with civet can you smell him out by that Claud.That's as much as to say, the sweet youth's in love. D. Pedro.The greatest note of it is his melancholy. Claud.And when was he wont to wash his face D. Pedro.Yea, or to paint himself for the which, I hear what they say of him. Claud.Nay, but his jesting spirit which is now crept into a lute-string and now governed by stops. D. Pedro.Indeed, that tells a heavy tale for him conclude, conclude he is in love. Claud.Nay, but I know who loves him. D. Pedro.That would I know too I warrant one that knows him not. Claud.Yes, and his ill conditions and, in despite of all, dies for him. Pedro.She shall be buried with her face upwards. Bene.Yet is this no charm for the toothache. Old signior, walk aside with me I have studied eight or nine wise words to speak to you, which these hobby-horses must not hear. Exeunt Benedick and  my life, to break with him about Beatrice. Claud.'Tis even so. Hero and Margaret have by this played their parts with Beatrice and then the two bears will not bite one another when they meet. Enter  lord and brother, God save  den, brother. D. John.If your leisure served, I would speak with you. Pedro.In private D. John.If it please you yet Count Claudio may hear for what I would speak of concerns him. D. Pedro.What's the matter D.  your lordship to be married  know he does. D. John.I know not that, when he knows what I know. Claud.If there be any impediment, I pray you discover it. D. John.You may think I love you not let that appear hereafter, and aim better at me by that I now will manifest. For my brother, I think he holds you well, and in dearness of heart hath holp to effect your ensuing marriage,~surely suit ill spent and labor ill bestowed. D. Pedro.Why, what's the matter  came hither to tell you and, circumstances shortened, for she has been too long a talking of, the lady is disloyal. Claud.Who, Hero. John.Even she Leonato's Hero, your Hero, every man's Hero. Claud.Disloyal D. John.The word is too good to paint out her wickedness I could say she were worse think you of a worse title, and I will fit her to it. Wonder not till further warrant go but with me to-night, you shall see her chamberwindow entered, even the night before her wedding-day if you love her then, to-morrow wed her but it would better fit your honor to change your mind. Claud.May this be so D. Pedro.I will not think it. D. John.If you dare not trust that you see, confess not that you know if you will follow me, I will show you enough and when you have seen more and heard more, proceed accordingly. Claud.If I see any thing to-night why I should not marry her to-morrow, in the congregation, where I should wed, here will I shame her. Pedro.And, as I wooed for thee to obtain her, I will join with thee to disgrace  disparage her no farther till you are my witness bear it coldly but till midnight, and let the issue show  day untowardly turned! Claud.O mischief strangely  right well prevented! so will you say when you have seen the sequel. Exeunt.    you good men and true Verg.Yea, or else it were pity but they should suffer salvation, body and soul. Dog.Nay, that were a punishment too good for them, if they should have any allegiance in them, being chosen for the prince's watch. Verg.Well, give them their charge, neighbor Dogberry. Dog.First, who think you the most desartless man to be constablerst Watch.Hugh Otecake, sir, or George Seacole for they can write and read. Dog.Come hither, neighbor Seacole. God hath blessed you with a good name to be a well-favored man is the gift of fortune but to write and read comes by nature. Sec. Watch.Both which, master constable,~ Dog.You have I knew it would be your answer. Well, for your favor, sir, why, give God thanks, and make no boast of it and for your writing and reading, let that appear when there is no need of such vanity. You are thought here to be the most senseless and fit man for the constable of the watch therefore bear you the lantern. This is your charge you shall comprehend all vagrom men you are to bid any man stand, in the prince's name. Sec. Watch.How if a' will not stand Dog.Why, then, take no note of him, but let him go and presently call the rest of the watch together and thank God you are rid of a knave. Verg.If he will not stand when he is bidden, he is none of the prince's subjects. Dog.True, and they are to meddle with none but the prince's subjects. You shall also make no noise in the streets for, for the watch to babble and to talk is most tolerable and not to be endured. Watch.We will rather sleep than talk we know what belongs to a watch. Dog.Why, you speak like an ancient and most quiet watchman for I cannot see how sleeping should offend only, have a care that your bills be not stolen. Well, you are to call at all the ale-houses, and bid those that are drunk get them to bed.d. Watch.How if they will not Dog.Why, then, let them alone till they are sober if they make you not then the better answer, you may say they are not the men you took them for. Watch.Well, sir. Dog.If you meet a thief, you may suspect him, by virtue of your office, to be no true man and, for such kind of men, the less you meddle or make with them, why, the more is for your honesty.y. Watch.If we know him to be a thief, shall we not lay hands on him Dog.Truly, by your office, you may but I think they that touch pitch will be defiled the most peaceable way for you, if you do take a thief, is to let him show himself what he is and steal out of your company. Verg.You have been always called a merciful man, partner. Dog.Truly, I would not hang a dog by my will, much more a man who hath any honesty in him. Verg.If you hear a child cry in the night, you must call to the nurse and bid her still it. Watch.How if the nurse be asleep and will not hear us Dog.Why, then, depart in peace, and let the child wake her with crying for the ewe that will not hear her lamb when it baes will never answer a calf when he bleats. Verg.'Tis very true. Dog.This is the end of the charge -you, constable, are to present the prince's own person if you meet the prince in the night, you may stay him. Verg.Nay, by'r lady, that I think a' cannot. Dog.Five shillings to one on't, with any man that knows the statutes, he may stay him marry, not without the prince be willing for, indeed, the watch ought to offend no man and it is an offence to stay a man against his will. Verg.By'r lady, I think it be so. Dog.Ha, ha, ha! Well, masters, good night an there by any matter of weight chances, call up me keep your fellows' counsels and your own and good night. Come, neighbor. Watch.Well, masters, we hear our charge let us go sit here upon the church-bench till two, and then all to bed. Dog.One word more, honest neighbors. I pray you, watch about Signior Leonato's door for the wedding being there to-morrow, there is a great coil to-night. Adieu be vigitant, I beseech you. Exeunt Dogberry and Verges. Enter  Bora.What,  stir not. not. Bora.Conrade, I say! Con.Here, man I am at thy elbow. Bora.Mass, and my elbow itched I thought there would a scab follow. Con.I will owe thee an answer for that and now forward with thy tale. Bora.Stand thee close, then, under this pent-house, for it drizzles rain and I will, like a true drunkard, utter all to thee.  Some treason, masters yet stand close. Bora.Therefore know I have earned of Don John a thousand ducats. Con.Is it possible that any villany should be so dear Bora.Thou shouldst rather ask if it were possible any villany should be so rich for when rich villains have need of poor ones, poor ones may make what price they will. Con.I wonder at it. Bora.That shows thou art unconfirmed. Thou knowest that the fashion of a doublet, or a hat, or a cloak, is nothing to a man. Con.Yes, it is apparel. Bora.I mean, the fashion. Con.Yes, the fashion is the fashion. Bora.Tush! I may as well say the fool's the fool. But seest thou not what a deformed thief this fashion is  know that Deformed a' has been a vile thief this seven year a' goes up and down like a gentleman I remember his name. Bora.Didst thou not hear somebody Con.No 'twas the vane on the house. Bora.Seest thou not, I say, what a deformed thief this fashion is how giddily a' turns about all the hot bloods between fourteen and five-and-thirty sometimes fashioning them like Pharaoh's soldiers in the reeky painting, sometime like god Bel's priests in the old church-window, sometime like the shaven Hercules in the smirched worm-eaten tapestry, where his codpiece seems as massy as his club Con.All this I see and I see that the fashion wears out more apparel than the man. But art not thou thyself giddy with the fashion too, that thou hast shifted out of thy tale into telling me of the fashion Bora.Not so, neither but know that I have to-night wooed Margaret, the Lady Hero's gentlewoman, by the name of Hero she leans me out at her mistress' chamber~window, bids me a thousand times good night, -I tell this tale vilely -I should first tell thee how the prince, Claudio and my master, planted and placed and possessed by my master Don John, saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter. Con.And thought they Margaret was Heroro Bora.Two of them did, the prince and Claudio but the devil my master knew she was Margaret and partly by his oaths, which first possessed them, partly by the dark night, which did deceive them, but chiefly by my villany, which did confirm any slander that Don John had made, away went Claudio enraged swore he would meet her, as he was appointed, next morning at the temple, and there, before the whole congregation, shame her with what he saw o'er night and send her home again without a husband. First Watch.We charge you, in the prince's name, stand! Sec. Watch.Call up the right master constable. We have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known in the commonwealth. First Watch.And one Deformed is one of them I know him a' wears a lock. Con.Masters, masters,~ Sec.  be made bring Deformed forth, I warrant you.  speak we charge you let us obey you to go with us. Bora.We are like to prove a goodly commodity, being taken up of these men's bills. Con.A commodity in question, I warrant you. Come, we'll obey you. Exeunt.   Ursula, wake my cousin Beatrice, and desire her to rise. Urs.I will, lady. Hero.And bid her come hither. Urs.Well.  I think your other rabato were better. Hero.No, pray thee, good Meg, I'll wear this. Marg.By my troth, 's not so good and I warrant your cousin will say so. Hero.My cousin's a fool, and thou art another I'll wear none but this. Marg.I like the new tire within excellently, if the hair were a thought browner and your gown's a most rare fashion, i' faith. I saw the Duchess of Milan's gown that they praise so. Hero.O, that exceeds, they say. Marg.By my troth,th, 's but a night-gown in respect of yours cloth o' gold, and cuts, and laced with silver, set with pearls, down sleeves, side sleeves, and skirts, round underborne with a bluish tinsel but for a fine, quaint, graceful and excellent fashion, yours is worth ten on't. Hero.God give me joy to wear it! for my heart is exceedingly  be heavier soon by the weight of a man. Hero.Fie upon thee! art not ashamed Marg.Of what, lady of speaking honorably Is not marriage honorable in a beggar Is not your lord honorable without marriage I think you would have me say, 'saving your reverence, a husband ' and bad thinking do not wrest true speaking, I'll offend nobody is there any harm in 'the heavier for a husband' None, I think, an it be the right husband and the right wife otherwise 'tis light, and not heavy ask my Lady Beatrice else here she comes.  BEATRICE. Hero.Good morrow, coz. Beat.Good morrow, sweet Hero. Hero.Why, how now do you speak in the sick tunene Beat.I am out of all other tune, methinks.  into  ' that goes without a burden do you sing it, and I'll dance it. Beat.Ye  with your heels! then, if your husband have stables enough, you'll see he shall lack no barns. Marg.O illegitimate construction! I scorn that with my heels. Beat.'Tis almost five o'clock, cousin 'tis time you were ready. By my troth, I am exceeding ill  a hawk, a horse, or a husband Beat.For the letter that begins them all, H. Marg.Well, and you be not turned Turk, there's no more sailing by the star. Beat.What means the fool, trow Marg.Nothing I but God send every one their heart's desire! Hero.These gloves the count sent me they are an excellent perfume. Beat.I am stuffed, cousin I cannot smell. Marg.A maid, and stuffed! there's goodly catching of cold. Beat.O, God help me! God help me! how long have you professed apprehensionon Marg.Ever since you left it. Doth not my wit become me rarely Beat.It is not seen enough, you should wear it in your cap. By my troth, I am sick. Marg.Get you some of this distilled Carduus Benedictus, and lay it to your heart it is the only thing for a qualm. Hero.There thou prickest her with a thistle. Beat.Benedictus! why Benedictus you have some moral in this Benedictus. Marg.Moral! no, by my troth, I have no moral meaning I meant, plain holy-thistle. You may think perchance that I think you are in love nay, by'r lady, I am not such a fool to think what I list, nor I list not to think what I can, nor indeed I cannot think, if I would think my heart out of thinking, that you are in love or that you will be in love or that you can be in love. Yet Benedick was such another, and now is he become a man he swore he would never marry, and yet now, in despite of his heart, he eats his meat without grudging and how you may be converted I know not, but methinks you look with your eyes as other women do. Beat.What pace is this that thy tongue keeps Marg.Not a false gallop. Re-enter  withdraw the prince, the count, Signior Benedick, Don John, and all the gallants of the town, are come to fetch you to church. Hero.Help to dress me, good coz, good Meg, good Ursula. Exeunt.  house.  Leon.What would you with me, honest neighbor Dog.Marry, sir, I would have some confidence with you that decerns you nearly. Leon.Brief, I pray you for you see it is a busy time with me. Dog.Marry, this it is, sir. Verg.Yes, in truth it is, sir. Leon.What is it, my good friends Dog.Goodman Verges, sir, speaks a little off the matter an old man, sir, and his wits are not so blunt as, God help, I would desire they were but, in faith, honest as the skin between his brows. Verg.Yes, I thank God I am as honest as any man living that is an old man and no honester than I. Dog.Comparisons are odorous  Verges. Leon.Neighbors, you are tedious. Dog.It pleases your worship to say so, but we are the poor duke's officers but truly, for mine own part, if I were as tedious as a king, I could find it in my heart to bestow it all of your worship. Leon.All thy tediousness on me, ah Dog.Yea, an 'twere a thousand pound more than 'tis for I hear as good exclamation on your worship as of any man in the city and though I be but a poor man, I am glad to hear it. Verg.And so am I. Leon.I would fain know what you have to say. Verg.Marry, sir, our watch to-night, excepting your worship's presence, ha' ta'en a couple of as arrant knaves as any in Messina. Dog.A good old man, sir he will be talking as they say, When the age is in, the wit is out God help us! it is a world to see. Well said, i' faith, neighbor Verges well, God's a good man an two men ride of a horse, one must ride behind. An honest soul, i' faith, sir by my troth he is, as ever broke bread but God is to be worshipped all men are not alike alas, good neighbor! Leon.Indeed, neighbor, he comes too short of you. Dog.Gifts that God gives. Leon.I must leave you. Dog.One word, sir our watch, sir, have indeed comprehended two aspicious persons, and we would have them this morning examined before your worship. Leon.Take their examination yourself and bring it me I am now in great haste, as it may appear unto you. Dog.It shall be suffigance. Leon.Drink some wine ere you go fare you well. Enter a Messenger. Mess.My lord, they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband. Leon.I'll wait upon them I am  good partner, go, get you to Francis Seacole bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the gaol we are now to examination these men. Verg.And we must do it wisely. Dog.We will spare for no wit, I warrant you here's  drive some of them to a noncome only get the learned writer to set down our excommunication and meet me at the gaol.    Friar Francis, be brief only to the plain form of marriage, and you shall recount their particular duties afterwards. Friar.You come hither, my lord, to marry this lady. Claud.No. Leon.To be married to her friar, you come to marry her. Friar.Lady, you come hither to be married to this count. Hero.I do. Friar.If either of you know any inward impediment why you should not be conjoined, I charge you, on your souls, to utter it. Claud.Know you any, Hero Hero.None, my lord. Friar.Know you any, count Leon.I dare make his answer, none. Claud.O, what men dare do! what men may do! what men daily do, not knowing what they do! Bene.How now! interjections Why, then, some be of laughing, as, ah, ha,  Claud.Stand thee by, friar. Father, by your leave Will you with free and unconstrained soul Give me this maid, your daughter Leon.As freely, son, as God did give her me. Claud.And what have I to give you back, whose worth May counterpoise this rich and precious gift D. Pedro.Nothing, unless you render her again. Claud.Sweet prince, you learn me noble thankfulness. There, Leonato, take her back again Give not this rotten orange to your friend She's but the sign and semblance of her honor. Behold how like a maid she blushes here! O, what authority and show of truth Can cunning sin cover itself withal! Comes not that blood as modest evidence To witness simple virtue Would you not swear, All you that see her, that she were a maid, By these exterior shows But she is none She knows the heat of a luxurious bed Her blush is guiltiness, not modesty. Leon.What do you mean, my lordrd Claud.Not to be married, Not to knit my soul to an approved wanton. Leon.Dear my lord, if you, in your own proof, Have vanquish'd the resistance of her youth, And made defeat of her virginity,~ Claud.I know what you would say if I have known her, You will say she did embrace me as a husband, And so extenuate the 'forehand sin No, Leonato, I never tempted her with word too large But, as a brother to his sister, show'd Bashful sincerity and comely love. Hero.And seem'd I ever otherwise to you Claud.Out on thee! Seeming! I will write against it You seem to me as Dian in her orb, As chaste as is the bud ere it be blown But you are more intemperate in your blood Than Venus, or those pamper'd animals That rage in savage sensuality. Hero.Is my lord well, that he doth speak so widede Leon.Sweet prince, why speak not you D. Pedro.What should I speak I stand dishonor'd, that have gone about To link my dear friend to a common stale. Leon.Are these things spoken, or do I but dream D. John.Sir, they are spoken, and these things are true. Bene.This looks not like a nuptial. Hero.True! O God! Claud.Leonato, stand I here Is this the prince is this the prince's brother Is this face Hero's are our eyes our own Leon.All this is so but what of this, my lord Claud.Let me but move one question to your daughter And, by that fatherly and kindly power That you have in her, bid her answer truly. Leon.I charge thee do so, as thou art my child. Hero.O, God defend me! how am I beset! What kind of catechising call you  make you answer truly to your name. Hero.Is it not Hero Who can blot that name With any just reproach Claud.Marry, that can Hero Hero itself can blot out Hero's virtue. What man was he talk'd with you yesternight Out at your window betwixt twelve and one Now, if you are a maid, answer to this. Hero.I talk'd with no man at that hour, my lord. D. Pedro.Why, then are you no maiden. Leonato, I am sorry you must hear upon mine honor, Myself, my brother and this grieved count Did see her, hear her, at that hour last night Talk with a ruffian at her chamber-window Who hath indeed, most like a liberal villain, Confess'd the vile encounters they have had A thousand times in secret. D.  fie! they are not to be named, my lord, Not to be spoke of There is not chastity enough in language Without offence to utter them. Thus, pretty lady, I am sorry for thy much misgovernment. Claud.O Hero, what a Hero hadst thou been, If half thy outward graces had been placed About thy thoughts and counsels of thy heart! But fare thee well, most foul, most fair! farewell, Thou pure impiety and impious purity! For thee I'll lock up all the gates of love, And on my eyelids shall conjecture hang, To turn all beauty into thoughts of harm, And never shall it more be gracious. Leon.Hath no man's dagger here a point for  how now, cousin! wherefore sink you down  let us go. These things, come thus to light, Smother her spirits up.  and Claudio. Bene.How doth the lady Beat.Dead, I think. Help, uncle! Hero! why, Hero! Uncle! Signior Benedick!  take not away thy heavy hand. Death is the fairest cover for her shame That may be wish'd for. Beat.How now, cousin Hero! Friar.Have comfort, lady. Leon.Dost thou look up Friar.Yea, wherefore should she notot Leon.Wherefore! Why, doth not every earthly thing Cry shame upon her Could she here deny The story that is printed in her blood Do not live, Hero do not ope thine eyes For, did I think thou wouldst not quickly die, Thought I thy spirits were stronger than thy shames, Myself would, on the rearward of reproaches, Strike at thy life. Grieved I, I had but one Chid I for that at frugal nature's frame O, one too much by thee! Why had I one Why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes Why had I not with charitable hand Took up a beggar's issue at my gates, Who smirch'd thus and mired with infamy, I might have  it is mine This shame derives itself from  mine and mine I loved and mine I praised And mine that I was proud on, mine so much That I myself was to myself not mine, Valuing of her,-why, she, O, she is fallen Into a pit of ink, that the wide sea Hath drops too few to wash her clean again And salt too little which may season give To her foul-tainted flesh! Bene.Sir, sir, be patient. For my part, I am so attired in wonder, I know not what to say, Beat.O, on my soul, my cousin is belied! Bene.Lady, were you her bedfellow last nightht Beat.No, truly not although, until last night, I have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow. Leon.Confirm'd, confirm'd! O, that is stronger made Which was before barr'd up with ribs of iron! Would the two princes lie, and Claudio lie, Who loved her so, that, speaking of her foulness, Wash'd it with tears Hence from her! let her die. Friar.Hear me a little for I have only been Silent so long and given way unto This course of fortune.... By noting of the lady I have mark'd A thousand blushing apparitions To start into her face, a thousand innocent shames In angel whiteness beat away those blushes And in her eye there hath appear'd a fire, To burn the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth. Call me a fool Trust not my reading nor my observations, Which with experimental seal doth warrant The tenor of my book trust not my age, My reverence, calling, nor divinity, If this sweet lady lie not guiltless here Under some biting error. Leon.Friar, it cannot be. Thou seest that all the grace that she hath left Is that she will not add to her damnation A sin of perjury she not denies it Why seek'st thou then to cover with excuse That which appears in proper nakedness Friar.Lady, what man is he you are accused of Hero.They know that do accuse me I know none If I know more of any man alive Than that which maiden modesty doth warrant, Let all my sins lack mercy! O my father, Prove you that any man with me conversed At hours unmeet, or that I yesternight Maintain'd the change of words with any creature, Refuse me, hate me, torture me to death! Friar.There is some strange misprision in the princes. Bene.Two of them have the very bent of honor And if their wisdoms be misled in this, The practice of it lives in John the bastard, Whose spirits toil in frame of villanies. Leon.I know not. If they speak but truth of her, These hands shall tear her if they wrong her honor, The proudest of them shall well hear of it. Time hath not yet so dried this blood of mine, Nor age so eat up my invention, Nor fortune made such havoc of my means, Nor my bad life reft me so much of friends, But they shall find, awaked in such a kind, Both strength of limb and policy of mind, Ability in means and choice of friends, To quit me of them throughly. Friar.Pause awhile, And let my counsel sway you in this case. Your daughter here the princes left for dead Let her awhile be secretly kept in, And publish it that she is dead indeed Maintain a mourning ostentation And on your family's old monument Hang mournful epitaphs and do all rites That appertain unto a burial. Leon.What shall become of this what will this do Friar.Marry, this well carried shall on her behalf Change slander to remorse that is some good But not for that dream I on this strange course, But on this travail look for greater birth. She dying, as it must be so maintain'd, Upon the instant that she was accused, Shall be lamented, pitied and excused Of every hearer for it so falls out That what we have we prize not to the worth Whiles we enjoy it, but being lack'd and lost, Why, then we rack the value, then we find The virtue that possession would not show us Whiles it was ours. So will it fare with Claudio When he shall hear she died upon his words, The idea of her life shall sweetly creep Into his study of imagination, And every lovely organ of her life Shall come apparell'd in more precious habit, More moving-delicate and full of life, Into the eye and prospect of his soul, Than when she lived indeed then shall he mourn, If ever love had interest in his liver, And wish he had not so accused her, No, though he thought his accusation true. Let this be so, and doubt not but success Will fashion the event in better shape Than I can lay it down in likelihood. But if all aim but this be levell'd false, The supposition of the lady's death Will quench the wonder of her infamy And if it sort not well, you may conceal her, As best befits her wounded reputation, In some reclusive and religious life, Out of all eyes, tongues, minds and injuries. Bene.Signior Leonato, let the friar advise you And though you know my inwardness and love Is very much unto the prince and Claudio, Yet, by mine honor, I will deal in this As secretly and justly as your soul Should with your body. Leon.Being that I flow in grief, The smallest twine may lead me. Friar.'Tis well consented presently away For to strange sores strangely they strain the cure. Come, lady, die to live this wedding-day Perhaps is but prolong'd have patience and endure. Exeunt  Beatrice, have you wept all this while Beat.Yea, and I will weep a while longer. Bene.I will not desire that. Beat.You have no reason I do it freely. Bene.Surely I do believe your fair cousin is wronged. Beat.Ah, how much might the man deserve of me that would right her! Bene.Is there any way to show such friendship Beat.A very even way, but no such friend. Bene.May a man do itit Beat.It is a man's office, but not yours. Bene.I do love nothing in the world so well as you isis not that strange Beat.As strange as the thing I know not. It were as possible for me to say I loved nothing so well as you but believe me not and yet I lie not I confess nothing, nor I deny nothing. I am sorry for my cousin. Bene.By my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me. Beat.Do not swear, and eat it. Bene.I will swear by it that you love me and I will make him eat it that says I love not you. Beat. Will you not eat your word Bene.With no sauce that can be devised to it. I protest I love thee. Beat.Why, then, God forgive me! Bene.What offence, sweet Beatrice Beat.You have stayed me in a happy hour I was about to protest I loved you. Bene.And do it with all thy heart. Beat.I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest. Bene.Come, bid me do any thing for thee. Beat.Kill Claudio. Bene.Ha! not for the wide world. Beat.You kill me to deny it. Farewell. Bene.Tarry, sweet Beatrice. Beat.I am gone, though I am here there is no love in you nay, I pray you, let me go. Bene.Beatrice,~ Beat.In faith, I will go. Bene.We'll be friends first. Beat.You dare easier be friends with me than fight with mine enemy. Bene.Is Claudio thine enemy Beat.Is he not approved in the height a, villain, that hath slandered, scorned, dishonored my kinswoman O that I were a man! What, bear her in hand until they come to take hands and then, with public accusation, uncovered slander, unmitigated rancor,-O God, that I were a man! I would eat his heart in the market-place. Bene.Hear me, Beatrice,~ Beat.Talk with a man out at a window! A proper saying! Bene.Nay, but, Beatrice,~ Beat.Sweet Hero! She is wronged, she is slandered, she is undone. Bene.Beat~ Beat.Princes and counties! Surely, a princely testimony, a goodly  a sweet gallant, surely! O that I were a man for his sake! or that I had any friend would be a man for my sake! But manhood is melted into courtesies, valor into compliment, and men are only turned into tongue, and trim ones too he is now a valiant as Hercules that only tells a lie and swears it. I cannot be a man with wishing, therefore I will die a woman with grieving. Bene.Tarry, good Beatrice. By this hand, I love thee. Beat.Use it for my love some other way than swearing by it. Bene.Think you in your soul the Count Claudio hath wronged Hero Beat.Yea, as sure as I have a thought or a soul. Bene.Enough, I am engaged I will challenge him. I will kiss your hand, and so I leave you. By this hand, Claudio shall render me a dear account. As you hear of me, so think of me. Go, comfort your cousin I must say she is dead and so, farewell.   and Sexton, in  Watch, with  our whole dissembly appeareded Verg.O, a stool and a cushion for the sexton. Sex.Which be the malefactors Dog.Marry, that am I and my partner. Verg.Nay, that's certain we have the exhibition to examine. Sex.But which are the offenders that are to be examined let them come before master constable. Dog.Yea, marry, let them come before me. What is your name, friend Bora.Borachio. Dog.Pray, write down, Borachio. Yours, sirrah Con.I am a gentleman, sir, and my name is Conrade. Dog.Write down, master gentleman Conrade. Masters, do you serve God Con. Bora.Yea, sir, we hope. Dog.Write down, that they hope they serve God and write God first for God defend but God should go before such villains! Masters, it is proved already that you are little better than false knaves and it will go near to be thought so shortly. How answer you for yourselves Con.Marry, sir, we say we are none. Dog.A marvellous witty fellow, I assure you but I will go about with him. Come you hither, sirrah a word in your ear sir, I say to you, it is thought you are false knaves. Bora.Sir, I say to you we are none. Dog.Well, stand aside. 'Fore God, they are both in a tale. Have you writ down, that they are none Sex.Master constable, you go not the way to examine you must call forth the watch that are their accusers. Dog.Yea, marry, that's the eftest way. Let the watch come forth. Masters, I charge you, in the prince's name, accuse these men. First Watch.This man said, sir, that Don John, the prince's brother, was a villain. Dog.Write down Prince John a villain. Why, this is flat perjury, to call a prince's brother villain. Bora.Master constable,~ Dog.Pray thee, fellow, peace I do not like thy look, I promise thee. Sex.What heard you him say else Sec. Watch.Marry, that he had received thousand ducats of Don John for accusing the Lady Hero wrongfully. Dog.Flat burglary as ever was committed. Verg.Yea, by mass, that it is. Sex.What else, fellow First Watch.And that Count Claudio did mean, upon his words, to disgrace Hero before the whole assembly, and not marry her. Dog.O villain! thou wilt be condemned into everlasting redemption for this. Sex.What  Watch.This is all. Sex.And this is more, masters, than you can deny. Prince John is this morning secretly stolen away Hero was in this manner accused, in this very manner refused, and upon the grief of this suddenly died. Master constable, let these men be bound, and brought to Leonato's I will go before and show him their examination.ation. Dog.Come, let them be opinioned. Verg.Let them be in the  coxcomb! Dog.God's my life, where's the sexton let him write down the prince's officer coxcomb. Come, bind them. Thou naughty varlet! Con.Away! you are an ass, you are an ass. Dog.Dost thou not suspect my place dost thou not suspect my years O that he were here to write me down an ass! But, masters, remember that I am an ass though it be not written down, yet forget not that I am an ass. No, thou villain, thou art full of piety, as shall be proved upon thee by good witness. I am a wise fellow, and, which is more, an officer, and, which is more, a householder, and, which is more, as pretty a piece of flesh as any is in Messina, and one that knows the law, go to and a rich fellow enough, go to and a fellow that hath had losses, and one that hath two gowns and every thing handsome about him. Bring him away. O that I had been writ down an   house.  you go on thus, you will kill yourself And 'tis not wisdom thus to second grief Against yourself. Leon.I pray thee, cease thy counsel, Which falls into mine ears as profitless As water in a sieve give not me counsel Nor let no comforter delight mine ear But such a one whose wrongs do suit with mine. Bring me a father that so loved his child, Whose joy of her is overwhelm'd like mine, And bid him speak of patience Measure his woe the length and breadth of mine And let it answer every strain for strain, As thus for thus and such a grief for such, In every lineament, branch, shape, and form If such a one will smile and stroke his beard, Bid sorrow wag, cry 'hem!' when he should groan, Patch grief with proverbs, make misfortune drunk With candle-wasters bring him yet to me, And I of him will gather patience. But there is no such man for, brother, men Can counsel and speak comfort to that grief Which they themselves not feel but, tasting it, Their counsel turns to passion, which before Would give preceptial medicine to rage, Fetter strong madness in a silken thread, Charm ache with air and agony with words No, no 'tis all men's office to speak patience To those that wring under the load of sorrow, But no man's virtue nor sufficiency To be so moral when he shall endure The like himself. Therefore give me no counsel My griefs cry louder than advertisement. Ant.Therein do men from children nothing differ. Leon.I pray thee, peace. I will be flesh and blood For there was never yet philosopher That could endure the toothache patiently, However they have writ the style of gods And made a push at chance and sufferance. Ant.Yet bend not all the harm upon yourself Make those that do offend you suffer too. Leon.There thou speak'st reason nay, I will do so. My soul doth tell me Hero is belied And that shall Claudio know so shall the prince And all of them that thus dishonor her.  and  den, good den. Claud.Good day to both of you. Leon.Hear you, my  have some haste, Leonato. Leon.Some haste, my lord! well, fare you well, my lord Are you so hasty now well, all is one. Pedro.Nay, do not quarrel with us, good old man. Ant.If he could right himself with quarrelling, Some of us would lie low. Claud.Who wrongs him Leon.Marry, thou dost wrong me thou dissembler, thou ~Nay, never lay thy hand upon thy sword I fear thee not. Claud.Marry, beshrew my hand, If it should give your age such cause of fear In faith, my hand meant nothing to my sword. Leon.Tush, tush, man never fleer and jest at me I speak not like a dotard nor a fool, As under privilege of age to brag What I have done being young, or what would do Were I not old. Know, Claudio, to thy head, Thou hast so wrong'd mine innocent child and me That I am forced to lay my reverence by And, with grey hairs and bruise of many days, Do challenge thee to trial of a man. I say thou hast belied mine innocent child Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart, And she lies buried with her ancestors O, in a tomb where never scandal slept, Save this of hers, framed by thy villany! Claud.My  Leon.Thine, Claudio thine, I  say not right, old man. Leon.My lord, my lord, I'll prove it on his body, if he dare, Despite his nice fence and his active practice, His May of youth and bloom of lustihood. Claud.Away! I will not have to do with you. Leon.Canst thou so daff me Thou hast kill'd my child If thou kill'st me, boy, thou shalt kill a man. Ant.He shall kill two of us, and men indeed But that's no matter let him kill one first Win me and wear me let him answer me. Come, follow me, boy come, sir boy, come, follow me Sir boy, I'll whip you from your foining fence Nay, as I am a gentleman, I will. Leon.Brother,~ Ant.Content yourself. God knows I loved my niece And she is dead, slander'd to death by villains, That dare as well answer a man indeed As I dare take a serpent by the tongue Boys, apes, braggarts, Jacks, milksops! Leon.Brother Anthony,~ Ant.Hold you content. What, man! I know them, yea, And what they weigh, even to the utmost scruple,~Scrambling, out-facing, fashion-monging boys, That lie and cog and flout, deprave and slander, Go anticly, show outward hideousness, And speak off half a dozen dangerous words, How they might hurt their enemies, if they durst And this is all. Leon.But, brother Anthony,~ Ant.Come, 'tis no matter Do not you meddle let me deal in this. D. Pedro.Gentlemen both, we will not wake your patience. My heart is sorry for your daughter's death But, on my honor, she was charged with nothing But what was true and very full of proof. Leon.My lord, my lord,~  will not hear you. Leon.No Come, brother away! I will be heard. Ant.And shall, or some of us will smart for it.  see here comes the man we went to seek. Claud.Now, signior, what news Bene.Good day, my lord. D. Pedro.Welcome, signior you are almost come to part almost a fray. Claud.We had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth. D. Pedro.Leonato and his brother. What thinkest thou Had we fought, I doubt we should have been too young for them. Bene.In a false quarrel there is no true valor. I came to seek you both. Claud.We have been up and down to seek thee for we are high-proof melancholy and would fain have it beaten away. Wilt thou use thy wit Bene.It is in my scabbard shall I draw it  Pedro.Dost thou wear thy wit by thy side Claud.Never any did so, though very many have been beside their wit. I will bid thee draw, as we do the minstrels draw, to pleasure us. D. Pedro.As I am an honest man, he looks pale. Art thou sick, or angry Claud.What, courage, man! What though care killed a cat, thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care. Bene.Sir, I shall meet your wit in the career, and you charge it against me. I pray you choose another subject. Claud.Nay, then, give him another staff this last was broke cross. D. Pedro.By this light, he changes more and more I think he be angry indeed. Claud.If he be, he knows how to turn his girdle. Bene.Shall I speak a word in your ear Claud.God bless me from a  are a villain I jest not I will make it good how you dare, with what you dare, and when you dare. Do me right, or I will protest your cowardice. You have killed a sweet lady, and her death shall fall heavy on you. Let me hear from you. Claud.Well, I will meet you, so I may have good cheer. D. Pedro.What, a feast, a feast Claud.I' faith, I thank him he hath bid me to a calf's head and a capon the which if I do not carve most curiously, say my knife's naught. Shall I not find a woodcock too Bene.Sir, your wit ambles well it goes easily. D. Pedro.I'll tell thee how Beatrice praised thy wit the other day. I said, thou hadst a fine wit  she, 'a fine little one.' 'No,'  I, 'a great wit ' 'Right,' says she, 'a great gross  'Nay,' said I, 'a good  'Just,' said she, 'it hurts nobody.' 'Nay,' said I,  ' 'Certain,' said she,'a wise 'Nay,' said I, 'he hath the tongues ' 'That I believe,' said she, 'for he swore a thing to me on Monday night,  there's a double tongue there's  Thus did she, an hour, together, transshape thy particular virtues yet at last she concluded with a sigh, thou wast the properest man in Italy. Claud.For the which she wept heartily and said she cared not. Pedro.Yea, that she did but yet, for all that, an if she did not hate him deadly, she would love him dearly the old man's daughter told us all. Claud.All, all and, moreover, God saw him when he was hid in the garden. D. Pedro.But when shall we set the savage bull's horns on the sensible Benedick's headad Claud.Yea, and text underneath, 'Here dwells Benedick the married man' Bene.Fare you well, boy you know my mind. I will leave you now to your gossiplike humor you break jests as braggards do their blades, which God be thanked, hurt not. My lord, for your many courtesies I thank you I must discontinue your company your brother the bastard is fled from Messina you have among you killed a sweet and innocent lady. For my Lord Lackbeard there, he and I shall meet and, till then, peace be with him. Exit.  is in earnest. Claud.In most profound earnest and, I'll warrant you, for the love of Beatrice. D. Pedro.And hath challenged thee. Claud.Most sincerely. D. Pedro.What a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his  Claud.He is then a giant to an ape but then is an ape a doctor to such a man. D. Pedro.But, soft you, let me be pluck up, my heart, and be sad. Did he not say, my brother was  weigh more reasons in her balance nay, an you be a cursing hypocrite once, you must be looked to. D. Pedro.How now two of my brother's men bound! Borachio one! Claud.Hearken after their offence, my lord. D. Pedro.Officers, what offence have these men done Dog.Marry, sir, they have committed false report moreover, they have spoken untruths secondarily, they are slanders sixth and lastly, they have belied a lady thirdly, they have verified unjust things and, to conclude, they are lying knaves. D.  I ask thee what they have done thirdly, I ask thee what's their offence sixth and lastly, why they are committed and, to conclude, what you lay to their charge. Claud.Rightly reasoned, and in his own division and, by my troth, there's one meaning well suited. D. Pedro.Who have you offended, masters, that you are thus bound to your answer this learned constable is too cunning to be understood what's your offence Bora.Sweet prince, let me go no farther to mine answer do you hear me, and let this count kill me. I have deceived even your very eyes what your wisdoms could not discover, these shallow fools have brought to light who in the night overheard me confessing to this man how Don John your brother incensed me to slander the Lady Hero, how you were brought into the orchard and saw me court Margaret in Hero's garments, how you disgraced her, when you should marry her my villany they have upon record which I had rather seal with my death than repeat over to my shame. The lady is dead upon mine and my master's false accusation and, briefly, I desire nothing but the reward of a villain. Pedro.Runs not this speech like iron through your blood Claud.I have drunk poison whiles he utter'd it. D. Pedro.But did my brother set thee on to this Bora.Yea, and paid me richly for the practice of it. D. Pedro.He is composed and framed of treachery And fled he is upon this villany. Claud.Sweet Hero! now thy image doth appear In the rare semblance that I loved it first. Dog.Come, bring away the plaintiffs by this time our sexton hath reformed Signior Leonato of the matter and, masters, do not forget to specify, when time and place shall serve, that I am an ass. Verg.Here, here comes master Signior Leonato, and the Sexton too. Re-enter  Sexton. Leon.Which is the villain let me see his eyes, That, when I note another man like him, I may avoid him which of these is he Bora.If you would know your wronger, look on me. Leon.Art thou the slave that with thy breath hast kill'd Mine innocent child Bora.Yea, even I alone. Leon.No, not so, villain thou beliest thyself Here stand a pair of honorable men A third is fled, that had a hand in it. I thank you, princes, for my daughter's death Record it with your high and worthy deeds 'Twas bravely done, if you bethink you of it. Claud.I know not how to pray your patience Yet I must speak. Choose your revenge yourself Impose me to what penance your invention Can lay upon my sin yet sinn'd I not But in mistaking. Pedro.By my soul, nor I And yet, to satisfy this good old man, I would bend under any heavy weight That he'll enjoin me to. Leon.I cannot bid you bid my daughter live That were impossible but, I pray you both, Possess the people in Messina here How innocent she died and if your love Can labor ought in sad invention, Hang her an epitaph upon her tomb And sing it to her bones, sing it to-night To-morrow morning come you to my house, And since you could not be my son-in-law, Be yet my nephew my brother hath a daughter, Almost the copy of my child that's dead, And she alone is heir to both of us Give her the right you should have given heir cousin, And so dies my revenge. Claud.O noble sir, Your over-kindness doth wring tears from me! I do embrace your offer and dispose For henceforth of poor Claudio. Leon.To-morrow then I will expect your coming To-night I take my leave. This naughty man Shall face to face be brought to Margaret, Who I believe was pack'd in all this wrong, Hired to it by your brother. Bora.No, by my soul, she was not, Nor knew not what she did when she spoke to me, But always hath been just and virtuous In any thing that I do know by her. Dog.Moreover, sir, which indeed is not under white and black, this plaintiff here, the offender, did call me ass I beseech you, let it be remembered in his punishment. And also, the watch heard them talk of one Deformed they say he wears a key in his ear and a lock hanging by it, and borrows money in God's name, the which he hath used so long and never paid that now men grow hard-hearted and will lend nothing for God's sake pray you, examine him upon that point. Leon.I thank thee for thy care and honest pains. Dog.Your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverend youth and I praise God for you. Leon.There's for thy pains. Dog.God save the foundation! Leon.Go, I discharge thee of thy prisoner, and I thank thee. Dog.I leave an arrant knave with your worship which I beseech your worship to correct yourself, for the example of others. God keep your worship! I wish your worship well God restore you to health! I humbly give you leave to depart and if a merry meeting may be wished, God prohibit it! Come,  to-morrow morning, lords, farewell. Ant.Farewell, my lords we look for you to-morrow. D. Pedro.We will not fail. Claud.To-night I'll mourn with Hero. Leon. Bring you these fellows on. We'll talk with Margaret, How her acquaintance grew with this lewd fellow.  LEONATO'S garden.  meeting. Bene.Pray thee, sweet Mistress Margaret, deserve well at my hands by helping me to the speech of Beatrice. Marg.Will you then write me a sonnet in praise of my beauty Bene.In so high a style, Margaret, that no man living shall come over it for, in most comely truth, thou deservest it. Marg.To have no man come over me! why, shall I always keep below stairs Bene.Thy wit is as quick as the greyhound's mouth it catches. Marg.And yours as blunt as the fencer's foils, which hit, but hurt not. Bene.A most manly wit, Margaret it will not hurt a woman and so, I pray thee, call Beatrice I give thee the bucklers. Marg.Give us the swords we have bucklers of our own. Bene.If you use them, Margaret, you must put in the pikes with a vice and they are dangerous weapons for maids. Marg.Well, I will call Beatrice to you, who I think hath  therefore will  The  And knows me, and knows  in singing but in loving, Leander the good swimmer, Troilus the first employer of pandars, and a whole bookful of these quondam carpet-mongers, whose names yet run smoothly in the even road of a blank verse, why, they were never so truly turned over and over as my poor self in love. Marry, I cannot show it in rhyme I have tried I can find out no rhyme to 'lady' but 'baby,' an innocent rhyme for 'scorn,' 'horn,' a hard rhyme  babbling rhyme very ominous endings no, I was not born under a rhyming planet, nor I cannot woo in festival terms. Enter BEATRICE. Sweet Beatrice, wouldst thou come when I called theet.Yea, signior, and depart when you bid me. Bene.O, stay but till then! Beat.'Then' is spoken fare you well now and yet, ere I go, let me go with that I came which is, with knowing what hath passed between you and Claudio. Bene.Only foul words and thereupon I will kiss  words is but foul wind, and foul wind is but foul breath, and foul breath is noisome therefore I will depart unkissed. Bene.Thou hast frighted the word out of his right sense, so forcible is thy wit. But I must tell thee plainly, Claudio undergoes my challenge and either I must shortly hear from him, or I will subscribe him a coward. And, I pray thee now, tell me for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me Beat.For them all together which maintained so politic a state of evil that they will not admit any good part to intermingle with them. But for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me  a good epithet! I do suffer love indeed, for I love thee against my will. Beat.In spite of your heart, I think alas, poor heart! If you spite it for my sake, I will spite it for yours for I will never love that which my friend hates. Bene.Thou and I are too wise to woo peaceably. Beat.It appears not in this confession there's not one wise man among twenty that will praise himself. Bene.An old, an old instance, Beatrice, that lived in the time of good neighbors. If a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies, he shall live no longer in monument than the bell rings and the widow weeps. Beat.And how long is that, think youou Bene.Question why, an hour in clamor and a quarter in rheum therefore is it most expedient for the wise, if Don Worm, his conscience, find no impediment to the contrary, to be the trumpet of his own virtues, as I am to myself. So much for praising myself, who, I myself will bear witness, is praiseworthy and now tell me, how doth your cousin  Bene.And how do you Beat.Very ill too. Bene.Serve God, love me and mend. There will I leave you too, for here comes one in haste. Enter URSULA. Urs.Madam, you must come to your uncle. Yonder's old coil at home it is proved my Lady Hero hath been falsely accused, the prince and Claudio mightily abused and Don John is the author of all, who is fled and gone. Will you come presently Beat.Will you go hear this news, signior Bene.I will live in thy heart, die in thy lap and be buried in thy eyes and moreover I will go with thee to thy   Claud.Is this the monument of Leonato A Lord.It is, my lord.  to death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies Death, in guerdon of her wrongs, Gives herfame which never dies. So the life that died with shame Lives in death  Hang thou there upon the tomb,  when I am dumb. Now, music, sound, and sing your solemn hymn. SONG. Pardon, goddess of the night,  knight For the  of woe, Round about her tomb they go. Midnight, assist our moan  and groan,  yawn and yield your dead, Till death be uttered, Heavily, heavily. Claud.Now, unto thy bones good night! Yearly will I do this rite. D. Pedro.Good morrow, masters put your torches out The wolves have prey'd and look, the gentle day, Before the wheels of Phoebus, round about Dapples the drowsy east with spots of grey. Thanks to you all, and leave us fare you well. Claud.Good morrow, masters each his several way. Pedro. Come, let us hence, and put on other weeds And then to Leonato's we will go. Claud.And Hymen now with luckier issue speed's Than this for whom we render'd up this woe.  LEONATO'S house.  Friar.Did I not tell you she was innocent Leon.So are the prince and Claudio, who accused her Upon the error that you heard debated But Margaret was in some fault for this, Although against her will, as it appears In the true course of all the question. Ant.Well, I am glad that all things sort so well. Bene.And so am I, being else by faith enforced To call young Claudio to a reckoning for it. Leon.Well, daughter, and you gentlewomen all, Withdraw into a chamber by yourselves, And when I send for you, come hither  The prince and Claudio promised by this hour To visit me. You know your office, brother You must be father to your brother's daughter, And give her to young  Ant.Which I will do with confirm'd countenance. Bene.Friar, I must entreat your pains, I think. Friar.To do what, signior Bene.To bind me, or undo me one of them. Signior Leonato, truth it is, good signior, Your niece regards me with an eye of favor. Leon.That eye my daughter lent her 'tis most true. Bene.And I do with an eye of love requite her. Leon.The sight whereof I think you had from me, From Claudio and the prince but what's your will Bene.Your answer, sir, is enigmatical But, for my will, my will is your good will May stand with ours, this day to be conjoin'd In the state of honorable marriage In which, good friar, I shall desire your help. Leon.My heart is with your liking. Friar.And my help. Here comes the prince and Claudio. Enter DON  Pedro.Good morrow to this fair assembly. Leon.Good morrow, prince good morrow, Claudio We here attend you. Are you yet determined To-day to marry with my brother's daughter Claud.I'll hold my mind, were she an Ethiope. Leon.Call her forth, brother here's the friar ready.  morrow, Benedick. Why, what's the matter, That you have such a February face, So full of frost, of storm and cloudiness Claud.I think he thinks upon the savage bull. Tush, fear not, man we'll tip thy horns with gold And all Europa shall rejoice at thee, As once Europa did at lusty Jove, When he would play the noble beast in love. Bene.Bull Jove, sir, had an amiable low And some such strange bull leap'd your father's cow, And got a calf in that same noble feat Much like to you, for you have just his bleat.  seize upon Ant.This same is she, and I do give you her. Claud.Why, then she's mine. Sweet, let me see your face. Leon.No, that you shall not, till you take her hand Before this friar and swear to marry her. Claud.Give me your hand before this holy friar, I am your husband, if you like of me. Hero.And when I lived, I was your other wife Unmasking. And when you loved, you were my other husband. Claud.Another Hero! Hero.Nothing certainer One Hero died defiled, but I do live, And surely as I live, I am a maid. D. Pedro.The former Hero! Hero that is dead! Leon.She died, my lord, but whiles her slander lived. Friar.All this amazement can I qualify When after that the holy rites are ended, I'll tell you largely of fair Hero's death Meantime let wonder seem familiar, And to the chapel let us presently. Bene.Soft and fair, friar. Which is Beatrice  to that name. What is your willll Bene.Do not you love me Beat.Why, no no more than reason. Bene.Why, then your uncle and the prince and Claudio Have been deceived they swore you did. Beat.Do not you love me Bene.Troth, no no more than reason. Beat.Why, then my cousin Margaret and Ursula Are much deceived for they did swear you did. Bene.They swore that you were almost sick for me. Beat.They swore that you were well-nigh dead for me. Bene.'Tis no such matter. Then you do not love me Beat.No, truly, but in friendly recompense. Leon.Come, cousin, I am sure you love the gentleman. Claud.And I'll be sworn upon't that he loves her For here's a paper written in his hand, A halting sonnet of his own pure brain, Fashion'd to Beatrice. Hero.And here's another Writ in my cousin's hand, stolen from her pocket, Containing her affection unto Benedick. Bene.A miracle! here's our own hands against our hearts. Come, I will have thee but, by this light, I take thee for pity. Beat.I would not deny you but, by this good day, I yield upon great persuasion and partly to save your life, for I was told you were in a consumption. Bene.Peace! I will stop your mouth.  D. Pedro.How dost thou, Benedick, the married man Bene.I'll tell thee what, prince a college of wit-crackers cannot flout me out of my humor. Dost thou think I care for a satire or an epigram No if a man will be beaten with brains, a' shall wear nothing handsome about him. In brief, since I do purpose to marry, I will think nothing to any purpose that the world can say against it and therefore never flout at me for what I have said against it for man is a giddy thing, and this is my conclusion. For thy part, Claudio, I did think to have beaten thee but in that thou art like to be my kinsman, live unbruised and love my cousin. Claud.I had well hoped thou wouldst have denied Beatrice, that I might have cudgelled thee out of thy single life, to make thee a double-dealer which, out of question, thou wilt be, if my cousin do not look exceedingly narrowly to thee. Bene.Come, come, we are friends let's have a dance ere we are married, that we may lighten our own hearts and our wives' heels. Leon.We'll have dancing afterward. Bene.First, of my word therefore play, music. Prince, thou art sad get thee a wife, get thee a wife there is no staff more reverend than one tipped with horn. Enter a Messenger. Mess.My lord, your brother John is ta'en in flight, And brought with armed men back to Messina. Bene.Think not on him till to-morrow I'll devise thee brave punishments for him. Strike up, pipers.  fame, that all hunt after in their lives, Live register'd upon our brazen tombs And then grace us in the disgrace of death When, spite of cormorant devouring Time, The endeavour of this present breath may buy That honour which shall bate his scythe's keen edge And make us heirs of all eternity. Therefore, brave conquerors,-for so you are, That war against your own affections And the huge army of the world's desires,-~Our late edict shall strongly stand in force Navarre shall be the wonder of the world Our court shall be a little Academe, Still and contemplative in living art. You three, Biron, Dumain, and Longaville, Have sworn for three years' term to live with me My fellow-scholars and to keep those statutes That are recorded in this schedule here Your oaths are pass'd and now subscribe your names, That his own hand may strike his honour down That violates the smallest branch herein If you are arm'd to do as sworn to do, Subscribe to your deep oaths, and keep it too. Long.I am resolved 'tis but a three years' fast The mind shall banquet, though the body pine Fat paunches have lean pates, and dainty bits Make rich the ribs, but bankrupt quite the  loving lord, Dumain is mortified The grosser manner of these world's delights He throws upon the gross world's baser slaves To love, to wealth, to pomp, I pine and die With all these living in philosophy.  but say their protestation over So much, dear liege, I have already sworn, That is, to live and study here three years. But there are other strict observances As, not to see a woman in that term, Which I hope well is not enrolled there And one day in a week to touch no food And but one meal on every day beside, The which I hope is not enrolled there And then, to sleep but three hours in the night, And not be seen to wink of all the day-~When I was wont to think no harm all night And make a dark night too of half the day-~Which I hope well is not enrolled there O, these are barren tasks, too hard to keep, Not to see ladies, study, fast, not sleep! King.Your oath is pass'd to pass away from these. Biron.Let me say no, my liege, an if you please I only swore to study with your grace And stay here in your court for three years' space. Long.You swore to that, Biron, and to the rest. Biron.By yea and nay, sir, then I swore in jest. What is the end of study let me know. King.Why, that to know, which else we should not know. Biron.Things hid and barr'd, you mean, from common sense King.Ay, that is study's god-like recompense. Biron.Come on, then I will swear to study so, To know the thing I am forbid to know As thus,-to study where I well may dine, When I to feast expressly am forbid Or study where to meet some mistress fine, When mistresses from common sense are hid Or, having sworn too hard a keeping oath, Study to break it and not break my troth. If study's gain be thus and this be so, Study knows that which yet it doth not know Swear me to this, and I will ne'er say no. King.These be the stops that hinder study quite And train our intellects to vain delight. Biron.Why, all delights are vain but that most vain, Which with pain purchased doth inherit pain As, painfully to pore upon a book To seek the light of truth while truth the while Doth falsely blind the eyesight of his look Light seeking light doth light of light beguile So, ere you find where light in darkness lies, Your light grows dark by losing of your eyes. Study me how to please the eye indeed By fixing it upon a fairer eye, Who dazzling so, that eye shall be his heed And give him light that it was blinded by. Study is like the heaven's glorious sun That will not be deep-search'd with saucy looks Small have continual plodders ever won Save base authority from others' books. These earthly godfathers of heaven's lights That give a name to every fixed star Have no more profit of their shining nights Than those that walk and wot not what they are. Too much to know is to know nought but fame And every godfather can give a name. King.How well he's read, to reason against reading! Dum.Proceeded well, to stop all good proceeding! Long.He weeds the corn and still lets grow the weeding. Biron.The spring is near when green geese are a-breeding. Dum.How follows that Biron.Fit in his place and time. Dum.In reason nothing. Biron.Something then in rhyme. King.Biron is like an envious sneaping frost, That bites the first-born infants of the spring. Biron.Well, say I am why should proud summer boast Before the birds have any cause to sing Why should I joy in any abortive birth At Christmas I no more desire a rose Than wish a snow in May's new-fangled mirth But like of each thing that in season grows. So you, to study now it is too late, Climb o'er the house to unlock the little gate. King.Well, sit you out go home, Biron adieu. Biron.No, my good lord I have sworn to stay with you And though I have for barbarism spoke more Than for that angel knowledge you can say, Yet confident I'll keep what I have swore And bide the penance of each three years' day. Give me the paper let me read the same And to the strict'st decrees I'll write my name. King.How well this yielding rescues thee from shame!  no   this been proclaimed Long.Four days ago. Biron.Let's see the  devised this penalty Long.Marry, that did I. Biron.Sweet lord, and why Long.To fright them hence with that dread penalty. Biron.A dangerous law against gentility! Reads'Item, If any man be seen to talk with a woman within the term of three years, he shall endure such public shame as the rest of the court  This article, my liege, yourself must break For well you know here comes in embassy The French king's daughter with yourself to speak-~A maid of grace and complete majesty-~About surrender up of Aquitaine To her decrepit, sick and bedrid father Therefore this article is made in vain, Or vainly comes the admired princess hither. King.What say you, lords why, this was quite forgot. Biron.So study evermore is overshot While it doth study to have what it would It doth forget to do the thing it should, And when it hath the thing it hunteth most, 'Tis won as towns with fire, so won, so lost. King.We must of force dispense with this decree She must lie here on mere necessity. Biron.Necessity will make us forsworn Three thousand times within this three years' space For every man with his affects is born, Not by might mastered but by special grace If I break faith, this word shall speak for me I am forsworn on 'mere necessity.' So to the laws at large I write my name  he that breaks them in the least degree Stands in attainder of eternal shame Suggestions are to other as to me But I believe, although I seem so loath, I am the last that will last keep his oath. But is there no quick recreation granted King.Ay, that there is. Our court, you know, is haunted With a refined traveller of Spain A man in all the world's new fashion planted, That hath a mint of phrases in his brain One whom the music of his own vain tongue Doth ravish like enchanting harmony A man of complements, whom right and wrong Have chose as umpire of their mutiny This child of fancy, that Armado hight, For interim to our studies shall relate In high-born words the worth of many a knight From tawny Spain lost in the world's debate. How you delight, my lords, I know not, I But, I protest, I love to hear him lie And I will use him for my minstrelsy. Biron.Armado is a most illustrious wight, A man of fire-new words, fashion's own knight. Long.Costard the swain and he shall be our sport And so to study, three years is but short. Enter DULL  Dull.Which is the duke's own person Biron.This, fellow what wouldst Dull.I myself reprehend his own person, for I am his grace's tharborough but I would see his own person in flesh and blood. Biron.This is he. Dull.Signior Arme-Arme-commends you. There's villany abroad this letter will tell you more. Cost.Sir, the contempts thereof are as touching me. King.A letter from the magnificent Armado. Biron.How low soever the matter, I hope in God for high words. Long.A high hope for a low heaven God grant us patience! Biron.To hear or forbear laughing Long.To hear meekly, sir, and to laugh moderately or to forbear both. Biron.Well, sir, be it as the style shall give us cause to climb in the merriness. Cost.The matter is to me, sir, as concerning Jaquenetta. The manner of it is, I was taken with the manner. Biron.In what manner Cost.In manner and form following, sir all those three I was seen with her in the manor-house, sitting with her upon the form, and taken following her into the park which, put together, is in manner and form following. Now, sir, for the manner,-it is the manner of a man to speak to a woman for the form,-~in some form. Biron.For the following, sir Cost.As it shall follow in my correction and God defend the right! King.Will you hear this letter with attention Biron.As we would hear an oracle. Cost.Such is the simplicity of man to hearken after the flesh.  the welkin's  sole dominator of Navarre, my soul's earth's god, and body's  a word of Costard yet.  may be so but if he say it is so, he is, in telling true, but but so.  Cost.Be to me and every man that dares not fight! King.No  other men's secrets, I beseech you.  this Cost.Sir, I confess the wench. King.Did you hear the proclamation Cost.I do confess much of the hearing it but little of the marking of it. King.It was proclaimed a year's imprisonment, to be taken with a wench. Cost.I was taken with none, sir I was taken with a damsel. King.Well, it was proclaimed 'damsel.' Cost.This was no damsel, neither, sir she was a virgin. King.It is so varied, too for it was proclaimed 'virgin.' Cost.If it were, I deny her virginity I was taken with a maid. King.This maid will not serve your turn, sir. Cost.This maid will serve my turn, sir. King.Sir, I will pronounce your sentence you shall fast a week with bran and water. Cost.I had rather pray a month with mutton and porridge. King.And Don Armado shall be your keeper. My lord Biron, see him deliver'd o'er And go we, lords, to put in practice that Which each to other hath so strongly  lay my head to any good man's hat, These oaths and laws will prove an idle scorn. Sirrah, come on. Cost.I suffer for the truth, sir for true it is,I was taken with Jaquenetta, and Jaquenetta is a true girl and therefore welcome the sour cup of prosperity! Affliction may one day smile again and till then, sit thee down,  what sign is it when a man of great spirit grows melancholyly  sign, sir, that he will look sad. Arm.Why, sadness is one and the self-same thing, dear imp. Moth.No, no O Lord, sir, no. Arm.How canst thou part sadness and melancholy, my tender juvenal Moth.By a familiar demonstration of the working, my tough senior. Arm.Why tough senior why tough senior Moth.Why tender juvenal why tender juvenal Arm.I spoke it, tender juvenal, as a congruent epitheton appertaining to thy young days, which we may nominate tender. Moth.And I, tough senior, as an appertinent title to your old time, which we may name tough. Arm.Pretty and apt. Moth.How mean you, sir I pretty, and my saying apt or I apt, and my saying pretty Arm.Thou pretty, because little. Moth.Little pretty, because little. Wherefore apt Arm.And therefore apt, because quick. Moth.Speak you this in my praise, master Arm.In thy condign praise. Moth.I will praise an eel with the same praise. Arm.What, that an eel is ingenious Moth.That an eel is quick. Arm.I do say thou art quick in answers thou heatest my blood. Moth.I am answered, sir. Arm.I love not to be  speaks the mere contrary crosses love not him.  have promised to study three years with the duke. Moth.You may do it in an hour, sir. Arm.Impossible. Moth.How many is one thrice told Arm.I am ill at reckoning it fitteth the spirit of a tapster. Moth.You are a gentleman and a gamester,sir. ed G Arm.I confess both they are both the varnish of a complete man. Moth.Then, I am sure, you know how much the gross sum of deuce-ace amounts to. Arm.It doth amount to one more than two. Moth.Which the base vulgar do call three. Arm.True. Moth.Why, sir, is this such a piece of studydy Now here is three studied, ere ye'll thrice wink and how easy it is to put' years' to the word 'three,' and study three years in two words, the dancing horse will tell you. Arm.A most fine figure! Moth.To prove you a cipher. Arm.I will hereupon confess I am in love and as it is base for a soldier to love, so am I in love with a base wench. If drawing my sword against the humour of affection would deliver me from the reprobate thought of it, I would take Desire prisoner, and ransom him to any French courtier for a new-devised courtesy. I think scorn to sigh methinks I should outswear Cupid. Comfort, me, boy what great men have been in love Moth.Hercules, master. Arm.Most sweet Hercules! More authority,dear boy, name more and, sweet my child, let them be men of good repute and carriage. Moth.Samson, master he was a man of good carriage, great carriage, for he carried the town-gates on his back like a porter and he was in love. Arm.O well-knit Samson! strong-jointed Samson! I do excel thee in my rapier as much as thou didst me in carrying gates. I am in love, too. Who was Samson's love, my dear Moth Moth.A woman, master. Arm.Of what complexionon  all the four, or the three, or the two, or one of the four. Arm.Tell me precisely of what complexion. Moth.Of the sea-water green, sir. Arm.Is that one of the four complexionsns Moth.As I have read, sir and the best of them too. Arm.Green indeed is the colour of lovers but to have a love of that colour, methinks Samson had small reason for it. He surely affected her for her wit. Moth.It was so, sir for she had a green wit. Arm.My love is most immaculate white and red. Moth.Most maculate thoughts, master, are masked under such colours. Arm.Define, define, well-educated infant. Moth.My father's wit and my mother's tongue, assist me! Arm.Sweet invocation of a child most pretty and pathetical! Moth.If she be made of white and red, Her faults will ne'er be known, For blushing cheeks by faults are bred And fears by pale white shown Then if she fear, or be to blame, By this you shall not know, For still her cheeks possess the same Which native she doth owe. A dangerous rhyme, master, against the reason of white and red. Arm.Is there not a ballad, boy, of the King and the Beggar Moth.The world was very guilty of such a ballad some three ages since but I think now 'tis not to be found or, if it were, it would neither serve for the writing nor the tune. Arm.I will have that subject newly writ o'er, that I may example my digression by some mighty precedent. Boy, I do love that country girl that I took in the park with the rational hind Costard she deserves well. Moth. AsideTo be whipped and yet a better love than my master. Arm.Sing, boy my spirit grows heavy in love. Moth.And that's great marvel, loving a light wench. Arm.I say, sing. Moth.Forbear till this company be past. Enter  the duke's pleasure is, that you keep Costard safe and you must suffer him to take no delight nor no penance but a' must fast three days a week. For this damsel, I must keep her at the park she is allowed for the day-woman. Fare you well. Arm.I do betray myself with blushing. Maid! Jaq.Man Arm.I will visit thee at the lodge. Jaq.That's hereby. Arm.I know where it is situate. Jaq.Lord, how wise you are! Arm.I will tell thee wonders. Jaq.With that facece Arm.I love thee. Jaq.So I heard you say. Arm.And so, farewell. Jaq.Fair weather after you! Dull.Come, Jaquenetta, away!  thou shalt fast for thy offences ere thou be pardoned. Cost.Well, sir, I hope, when I do it, I shall do it on a full stomach. Arm.Thou shalt be heavily punished. Cost.I am more bound to you than your fellows, for they are but lightly rewarded. Arm.Take away this villain shut him up. Moth.Come, you transgressing slave away! Cost.Let me not be pent up, sir I will fast, being loose. Moth.No, sir that were fast and loose thou shalt to prison. Cost.Well, if ever I do see the merry days of desolation that I have seen, some shall see. Moth.What shall some see Cost.Nay, nothing, Master Moth, but what they look upon. It is not for prisoners to be too silent in their words and therefore I will say nothing I thank God I have as little patience as another man and therefore I can be quiet.  Costard. Arm.I do affect the very ground, which is base, where her shoe, which is baser, guided by her foot, which is basest, doth tread. I shall be forsworn, which is a great argument of falsehood, if I love. And how can that be true love which is falsely attempteded Love is a familiar Love is a devil there is no evil angel but Love.  tempted, and he had an excellent strength yet was Solomon so seduced, and he had a very good wit. Cupid's butt-shaft is too hard for Hercules' club and therefore too much odds for a Spaniard's rapier. The first and second cause will not serve my turn the passado he respects not, the duello he regards not his disgrace is to be called boy but his glory is to subdue men. Adieu, valour! rust, rapier! be still, drum! for your manager is in love yea, he loveth. Assist me, some extemporal god of rhyme, for I am sure I shall turn sonnet. Devise, wit write, pen for I am for whole volumes in folio. Exit.  Enter the Princess of  Lords, and other Attendants. Boyet.Now, madam, summon up your dearest spirits Consider who the king your father sends, To whom he sends, and what's his embassy Yourself, held precious in the world's esteem, To parley with the sole inheritor Of all perfections that a man may owe, Matchless Navarre the plea of no less weight Than Aquitaine, a dowry for a queen. Be now as prodigal of all dear grace As Nature was in making graces dear When she did starve the general world beside And prodigally gave them all to you. Prin.Good Lord Boyet, my beauty, though but mean, Needs not the painted flourish of your praise Beauty is bought by judgement of the eye, Not utter'd by base sale of chapmen's tongues I am less proud to hear you tell my worth Than you much willing to be counted wise In spending your wit in the praise of mine. But now to task the tasker good Boyet, You are not ignorant, all-telling fame Doth noise abroad, Navarre hath made a vow, Till painful study shall outwear three years, No woman may approach his silent court Therefore to's seemeth it a needful course, Before we enter his forbidden gates, To know his pleasure and in that behalf, Bold of your worthiness, we single you As our best-moving fair solicitor. Tell him, the daughter of the King of France, On serious business, craving quick dispatch, Importunes personal conference with his grace Haste, signify so much while we attend, Like humble-visaged suitors, his high will. Boyet.Proud of employment, willingly I go.  pride is willing pride, and yours is  are the votaries, my loving lords, That are vow-fellows with this virtuous duke  Longaville is one. Prin.Know you the man Mar.I know him, madam at a marriagefeast, Between Lord Perigort and the beauteous heir Of Jaques Falconbridge, solemnized In Normandy, saw I this Longaville A man of sovereign parts he is esteem'd Well fitted in arts, glorious in arms Nothing becomes him ill that he would well. The only soil of his fair virtue's gloss, If virtue's gloss will stain with any soil, Is a sharp wit match'd with too blunt a will Whose edge hath power to cut, whose will still wills It should none spare that come within his power. Prin.Some merry mocking lord, belike is 't so Mar.They say so most that most his humours know. Prin.Such short-lived wits do wither as they grow. Who are the rest Kath.The young Dumain a well-accomplished youth, Of all that virtue love for virtue loved Most power to do most harm, least knowing ill For he hath wit to make an ill shape good, And shape to win grace though he had no wit. I saw him at the Duke Alencon's once And much too little of that good I saw Is my report to his great worthiness. Ros.Another of these students at that time Was there with him, if I have heard a truth. Biron they call him but a merrier man, Within the limit of becoming mirth, I never spent an hour's talk withal His eye begets occasion for his wit For every object that the one doth catch The other turns to a mirth-moving jest, Which his fair tongue, conceit's expositor, Delivers in such apt and gracious words That aged ears play truant at his tales And younger hearings are quite ravished So sweet and voluble is his discourse. Prin.God bless my ladies! are they all in love, That every one her own hath garnished With such bedecking ornaments of praise First Lord.Here comes Boyet. Re-enter  what admittance, lord Boyet.Navarre had notice of your fair approach And he and his competitors in oath Were all address'd to meet you, gentle lady, Before I came. Marry, thus much I have learnt He rather means to lodge you in the field, Like one that comes here to besiege his court, Than seek a dispensation for his oath, To let you enter his unpeopled house. Here comes Navarre.  and Attendants. King.Fair princess, welcome to the court of Navarre. Prin.'Fair' I give you back again and 'welcome' I have not yet the roof of this court is too high to be yours and welcome to the wide fields too base to be mine. King.You shall be welcome, madam, to my court. Prin.I will be welcome, then conduct me thither. King.Hear me, dear lady I have sworn an oath. Prin.Our Lady help my lord! he'll be forsworn. King.Not for the world, fair madam, by my will. Prin.Why, will shall break it will and nothing else. King.Your ladyship is ignorant what it is. Prin.Were my lord so, his ignorance were wise, Where now his knowledge must prove ignorance. I hear your grace hath sworn out house-keeping 'Tis deadly sin to keep that oath, my lord, And sin to break it. But pardon me, I am too sudden-bold To teach a teacher ill beseemeth me. Vouchsafe to read the purpose of my coming, And suddenly resolve me in my suit. King.Madam, I will, if suddenly I may. Prin.You will the sooner, that I were away For you'll prove perjured if you make me stay. Biron.Did not I dance with you in Brabant once Ros.Did not I dance with you in Brabant once Biron.I know you did. Ros.How needless was it then to ask the question! Biron.You must not be so quick. Ros.'Tis 'long of you that spur me with such questions. Biron.Your wit's too hot, it speeds too fast, 'twill tire. Ros.Not till it leave the rider in the mire. Biron.What time o' day Ros.The hour that fools should ask. Biron.Now fair befall your mask! Ros.Fair fall the face it covers! Biron.And send you many lovers! Ros.Amen, so you be none. Biron.Nay, then will I be gone. King.Madam, your father here doth intimate The payment of a hundred thousand crowns Being but the one half of an entire sum Disbursed by my father in his wars. But say that he or we, as neither have, Received that sum, yet there remains unpaid A hundred thousand more in surety of the which, One part of Aquitaine is bound to us, Although not valued to the money's worth. If then the king your father will restore But that one half which is unsatisfied, We will give up our right in Aquitaine, And hold fair friendship with his majesty. But that, it seems, he little purposeth, For here he doth demand to have repaid A hundred thousand crowns and not demands, On payment of a hundred thousand crowns, To have his title live in Aquitaine Which we much rather had depart withal And have the money by our father lent Than Aquitaine so gelded as it is. Dear princess, were not his requests so far From reason's yielding, your fair self should make A yielding 'gainst some reason in my breast And go well satisfied to France again. Prin.You do the king my father too much wrong And wrong the reputation of your name, In so unseeming to confess receipt Of that which hath so faithfully been paid. King.I do protest I never heard of it And if you prove it, I'll repay it back Or yield up Aquitaine. Prin.We arrest your word. Boyet, you can produce acquittances For such a sum from special officers Of Charles his father. King.Satisfy me so. Boyet.So please your grace, the packet is not come Where that and other specialties are bound To-morrow you shall have a sight of them. King.It shall suffice me at which interview All liberal reason I will yield unto. Meantime receive such welcome at my hand As honour without breach of honour may Make tender of to thy true worthiness You may not come, fair princess, in my gates But here without you shall be so received As you shall deem yourself lodged in my heart, Though so denied fair harbour in my house. Your own good thoughts excuse me, and farewell To-morrow shall we visit you again. Prin.Sweet health and fair desires consort your grace! King.Thy own wish wish I thee in every place!  I will commend you to mine own heart. Ros.Pray you, do my commendations I would be glad to see it. Biron.I would you heard it groan. Ros.Is the fool sick Biron.Sick at the heart. Ros.Alack, let it blood. Biron.Would that do it good Ros.My physic says 'ay.' Biron.Will you prick't with your eye  with my knife. Biron.Now, God save thy life! Ros.And yours from long living! Biron.I cannot stay thanksgiving. Retiring. Dum.Sir, I pray you, a word what lady is that same Boyet.The heir of Alencon, Katharine her name. Dum.A gallant lady. Monsieur, fare you well.  beseech you a word what is she in the white Boyet.A woman sometimes, an you saw her in the light. Long.Perchance light in the light. I desire her name. Boyet.She hath but one for herself to desire that were a shame. Long.Pray you, sir, whose daughter Boyet.Her mother's, I have heard. Long.God's blessing on your beard! Boyet.Good sir, be not offended. She is an heir of Falconbridge. Long.Nay, my choler is ended. She is a most sweet lady. Boyet.Not unlike, sir, that may be. Exit Long. Biron.What's her name in the cap Boyet.Rosaline, by good hap. Biron.Is she wedded or no Boyet.To her will, sir, or so. Biron.You are welcome, sir adieu. Boyet.Farewell to me, sir, and welcome to you. Exit  last is Biron, the merry madcap lord Not a word with him but a jest. Boyet.And every jest but a word. Prin.It was well done of you to take him at his word. Boyet.I was as willing to grapple as he was to board. Mar.Two hot sheeps, marry. Boyet.And wherefore not ships No sheep, sweet lamb, unless we feed on your lips. Mar.You sheep, and I pasture shall that finish thejest Boyet.So you grant pasture for me.  so, gentle beast My lips are no common, though several they be. Boyet.Belonging to whom Mar.To my fortunes and me. Prin.Good wits will be jangling but, gentles, agree This civil war of wits were much better used On Navarre and his book-men for here 'tis abused. Boyet.If my observation, which very seldom lies, By the heart's still rhetoric disclosed with eyes, Deceive me not now, Navarre is infected. Prin.With what Boyet.With that which we lovers entitle affected. Prin.Your reason Boyet.Why, all his behaviours did make their retire To the court of his eye, peeping through desire His heart, like an agate, with your print impress'd, Proud with his form, in his eye pride express'd His tongue, all impatient to speak and not see, Did stumble with haste in his eyesight to be All senses to that sense did make their repair, To feel only looking on fairest of fair Methought all his senses were lock'd in his eye, As jewels in crystal for some prince to buy Who, tendering their own worth from where they were glass'd, Did point you to buy them, along as you pass'd His face's own margent did quote such amazes That all eyes saw his eyes enchanted with gazes. I'll give you Aquitaine and all that is his, An you give him for my sake but one loving kiss. Prin.Come to our pavilion Boyet is  to speak that in words which his eye hath disclosed. I only have made a mouth of his eye, By adding a tongue which I know will not lie. Ros.Thou art an old love-monger and speakest skilfully. Mar.He is Cupid's grandfather and learns news of him. Ros.Then was Venus like her mother, for her father is but grim. Boyet.Do you hear, my mad wenches Mar.No. Boyet.What then, do you see Ros.Ay, our way to be gone. Boyet.You are too hard for me.   ARMADO  Arm.Warble, child make passionate my sense of hearing.  air! Go, tenderness of years take this key, give enlargement to the swain, bring him festinately hither I must employ him in a letter to my love. Moth.Master, will you win your love with a French brawl Arm.How meanest thou brawling in French Moth.No, my complete master but to jig off a tune at the tongue's end, canary to it with your feet. humor it with turning up your eyelids, sigh a note and sing a note, sometime through the throat, as if you swallowed love with singing love, sometime through the nose, as if you snuffed up love by smelling love with your hat penthouse-like o'er the shop of your eyes with your arms crossed on your thin-belly doublet like a rabbit on a spit or your hands in your pocket like a man after the old painting and keep not too long in one tune, but a snip and away. These are complements, these are humours these betray nice wenches, that would be betrayed without these and make them men of note-do you note me -that most are affected to these. Arm.How hast thou purchased this  my penny of observation. Arm.But O,-but  hobby-horse is forgot.' Arm.Callest thou my love 'hobby-horse' Moth.No, master the hobby-horse is but a colt, and your love perhaps a hackney. But have you forgot your love Arm.Almost I had. Moth.Negligent student! learn her by heart. Arm.By heart and in heart, boy. Moth.And out of heart, master all those three I will prove. Arm.What wilt thou prove Moth.A man, if I live and this, by, in, and without, upon the instant by heart you love her, because your heart cannot come by her in heart you love her, because your heart is in love with her and out of heart you love her, being out of heart that you cannot enjoy her. Arm.I am all these three. Moth.And three times as much more, and yet nothing at all. Arm.Fetch hither the swain he must carry me a letter. Moth.A message well sympathized a horse to be ambassador for an ass. Arm.Ha, ha! what sayest thou Moth.Marry, sir, you must send the ass upon the horse, for he is very slow-gaited. But I go. Arm.The way is but short away! Moth.As swift as lead, sir. Arm.The meaning, pretty ingenious Is not lead a metal heavy, dull, and  master or rather, master, no. Arm.I say lead is slow. Moth.You are too swift, sir, to say so Is that lead slow which is fired from a gun Arm.Sweet smoke of rhetoric! He reputes me a cannon and the bullet, that's he I shoot thee at the swain. Moth.Thump then and I flee.  Arm.A most acute juvenal volable and free of grace! By thy favour, sweet welkin, I must sigh in thy face Most rude melancholy, valour gives thee place. My herald is return'd. Re-enter  wonder, master! here's a costard broken in a shin. Arm.Some enigma, some riddle come,   Cost.No egma, no riddle, no l'envoy no salve in the mail, sir O, sir, plantain, a plain plantain! no l'envoy no  no salve, sir, but a plantain! Arm.By virtue, thou enforcest laughter thy silly thought my spleen the heaving of my lungs provokes me to ridiculous smiling. O, pardon me, my stars! Doth the inconsiderate take salve for l'envoy, and the word l'envoy for a salve Moth.Do the wise think them other is not l'envoy a salve Arm.No, page it is an epilogue or discourse, to make plain Some obscure precedence that hath tofore been sain. I will example it The fox, the ape and the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three. There's the moral. Now  add the l'envoy. Say the moral again. Arm.The fox, the ape, the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three. Moth.Until the goose came out of door, And stay'd the odds by adding four. Now will I begin your moral, and do you follow with my l'envoy. The fox, the ape and the humble-bee, Were still at odds, being but three. Arm.Until the goose came out of door, Staying the odds by adding four.  ending in the goose would you desire more Cost.The boy hath sold him a bargain, a goose, that's flat. Sir, your pennyworth is good, an your goose be fat. To sell a bargain well is as cunning as fast and loose Let me see a fat l'envoy ay, that's a fat goose. Arm.Come hither, come hither. How did this argument begin Moth.By saying that a costard was broken in a shin. Then call'd you for the l'envoy. Cost.True, and I for a plantain thus came your argument in Then the boy's fat l'envoy, the goose that you bought And he ended the market. Arm.But tell me how was there a costard broken in a shin Moth.I will tell you sensibly. Cost.Thou hast no feeling of it, Moth I will speak that l'envoy I Costard, running out, that was safely within, Fell over the threshold, and broke my shin. Arm.We will talk no more of this matter. Cost.Till there be more matter in the shin. Arm.Sirrah Costard, I will enfranchise thee. Cost.O, marry me to one Frances I smell some l'envoy, some goose, in this. Arm.By my sweet soul, I mean setting thee at liberty, enfreedoming thy person thou wert immured, restrained, captivated, bound. Cost.True, true and now you will be my purgation and let me loose. Arm.I give thee thy liberty, set thee from durance and, in lieu thereof, impose on thee nothing but this bear this significant to the country maid Jaquenetta there is  the best ward ofmine honor is rewarding my dependents. Moth, follow. Exit. Moth.Like the sequel, I. Signior Costard, adieu. Cost.My sweet ounce of man's flesh! my  will I look to his remuneration. Remuneration! O, that's the Latin word for three farthings three farthings-remuneration.-~'What's the price of  ' why, it carries it. Remuneration! why, it is a fairer name than French crown. I will never buy and sell out of this word. Enter  my good knave Costard! exceedingly well met. Cost.Pray you, sir, how much carnation ribbon may a man buy for a remunerationon Biron.What is a remuneration Cost.Marry, sir, halfpenny farthing. Biron.Why, then, three-farthing worth of silk. Cost.I thank your worship God be wi' you! Biron.Stay, slave I must employ thee As thou wilt win my favour, good my knave, Do one thing for me that I shall entreat. Cost.When would you have it done, sir Biron.This afternoon. Cost.Well, I will do it, sir fare you well. Biron.Thou knowest not what it is. Cost.I shall know, sir, when I have done it. Biron.Why, villain, thou must know first. Cost.I will come to your worship to-morrow morning. Biron.It must be done this afternoon. Hark, slave, it is but this The princess comes to hunt here in the park, And in her train there is a gentle lady When tongues speak sweetly, then they name her name, And Rosaline they call her ask for her And to her white hand see thou do commend This seal'd-up counsel. There's thy guerdon go.  O sweet gardon! better than remuneration, a 'leven-pence farthing better most sweet gardon! I will do it, sir, in print. Gardon!   I, forsooth, in love! I, that have been love's whip A very beadle to a humorous sigh A critic, nay, a night-watch constable A domineering pedant o'er the boy Than whom no mortal so magnificent! This wimpled, whining, purblind, wayward boy This senior-junior, giant-dwarf, Dan Cupid Regent of love-rhymes, lord of folded arms, The anointed sovereign of sighs and groans, Liege of all loiterers and malcontents, Dread prince of plackets, king of codpieces, Sole imperator and great general Of trotting 'paritors -O my little heart -~And I to be a corporal of his field, And wear his colours like a tumbler's hoop! What, I! I love! I sue! I seek a wife! A woman, that is like a German clock, Still a-repairing, ever out of frame, And never going aright. being a watch, But being watch'd that it may still go right! Nay, to be perjured, which is worst of all And, among three, to love the worst of all A wightly wanton with a velvet brow, With two pitch-balls stuck in her face for eyes Ay, and, by heaven, one that will do the deed Though Argus were her eunuch and her guard And I to sigh for her! to watch for her! To pray for her! Go to it is a plague That Cupid will impose for my neglect Of his almighty dreadful little might. Well, I will love, write, sigh, pray, sue and groan Some men must love my lady and some  Enter the  that the king, that spurr'd his horse so hard Against the steep uprising of the hill Boyet.I know not but I think it was not he. Prin.Whoe'er a' was, a' show'd a mounting mind. Well, lords, to-day we shall have our dispatch On Saturday we will return to France. Then, forester, my friend, where is the bush That we must stand and play the murderer in For.Hereby, upon the edge of yonder coppice A stand where you may make the fairest shoot. Prin.I thank my beauty, I am fair that shoot, And thereupon thou speak'st the fairest shoot. For.Pardon me, madam, for I meant not so. Prin.What, what first praise me and again say no O short-lived pride! Not fair alack for woe! For.Yes, madam, fair. Prin.Nay, never paint me now Where fair is not, praise cannot mend the brow. Here, good my glass, take this for telling  Fair payment for foul words is more than due. For.Nothing but fair is that which you inherit. Prin.See, see, my beauty will be saved by merit! O heresy in fair, fit for these days! A giving hand, though foul, shall have fair praise. But come, the bow now mercy goes to kill, And shooting well is then accounted ill. Thus will I save my credit in the shoot Not wounding, pity would not let me do't If wounding, then it was to show my skill, That more for praise than purpose meant to kill. And out of question so it is sometimes, Glory grows guilty of detested crimes, When, for fame's sake, for praise, an outward part, We bend to that the working of the heart As I for praise alone now seek to spill The poor deer's blood, that my heart means no ill. Boyet.Do not curst wives hold that selfsovereignty Only for praise sake, when they strive to be Lords o'er their lords Prin.Only for praise and praise we may afford To any lady that subdues a  comes a member of the commonwealth.  dig-you-den all! Pray you, which is the head lady Prin.Thou shalt know her, fellow, by the rest that have no heads. Cost.Which is the greatest lady, the highest Prin.The thickest and the tallest. Cost.The thickest and the tallest! it is so truth is truth. An your waist, mistress, were as slender as my wit, One o' these maids' girdles for your waist should be fit. Are not you the chief woman you are the thickest here. Prin.What's your will, sir what's your will Cost.I have a letter from Monsieur Biron to one Lady Rosaline. Prin.O, thy letter, thy letter! he's a good friend of mine Stand aside, good bearer. Boyet, you can carve Break up this capon. Boyet.I am bound to serve. This letter is mistook, it importeth none here It is writ to Jaquenetta. Prin.We will read it, I swear. Break the neck of the wax, and every one give ear. Boyet. reads 'By heaven, that thou art fair, is  that thou art beauteous truth itself, that thou art  beauteous, truer than truth itself, have  and most illustrate king Cophetua set eye upon  indubitate  rightly say, Veni, vidi, vici  in the vulgar, -O base and obscure  He came,  one saw two overcame, three. Who came the king why  he come to  to overcome to whom come he to the beggar what saw he the baggar who overcame the beggar. The conclusion is victory on   king's. The captive is  dearest design  ADRIANO DE ARMADO.' Thus dost thou hear the Nemean lion roar 'Gainst thee, thou lamb, that standest as his prey. Submissive fall his princely feet before, And he from forage will incline to play But if thou strive, poor soul, what art thou then Food for his rage, repasture for his den. Prin.What plume of feathers is he that indited this letter What vanene what weathercock did you ever hear better Boyet.I am much deceived but I remember the style. Prin.Else your memory is bad, going o'er it erewhile. Boyet.This Armado is a Spaniard, that keeps here in court A phantasime, a Monarcho, and one that makes sport To the prince and his bookmates. Prin.Thou fellow, a word Who gave thee this letter Cost.I told you my lord. Prin.To whom shouldst thou give it Cost.From my lord to my lady. Prin.From which lord to which lady Cost.From my lord Biron, a good master of mine, To a lady of France that he call'd Rosaline. Prin.Thou hast mistaken his letter. Come, lords, away. To Ros. Here, sweet, put up this 'twill be thine another day.  Boyet.Who is the suitor who is the suitor Ros.Shall I teach you to know Boyet.Ay, my continent of beauty. Ros.Why, she that bears the bow. Finely put off! Boyet.My lady goes to kill horns but, if thou marry, Hang me by the neck, if horns that year miscarry. Finely put on! Ros.Well, then, I am the shooter. Boyet.And who is your deer Ros.If we choose by the horns, yourself come not near. Finely put on, indeed! Mar.You still wrangle with her, Boyet, and she strikes at the brow. Boyet.But she herself is hit lower have I hit her now Ros.Shall I come upon thee with an old saying, that was a man when King Pepin of France was a little boy, as touching the hit itit Boyet.So I may answer thee with one as old, that was a woman when Queen Guinover of Britain was a little wench, as touching the hit it. Ros.Thou canst not hit it, hit it, hit it, Thou canst not hit it, my good man. Boyet.An I cannot, cannot, cannot, An  my troth, most pleasant how both did fit it! Mar.A mark marvellous well shot, for they both did hit it. Boyet.A mark! O, mark but that mark! A mark, says my lady! Let the mark have a prick in't, to mete at, if it may be. Mar.Wide o' the bow hand! i' faith, your hand is out. Cost.Indeed, a' must shoot nearer, or he'll ne'er hit the clout. Boyet.An if my hand be out, then belike your hand is in. Cost.Then will she get the upshoot by cleaving the pin. Mar.Come, come, you talk greasily your lips grow foul. Cost.She's too hard for you at pricks, sir challenge her to bowl. Boyet.I fear too much rubbing. Good night, my good owl. Exeunt Boyet and Maria. Cost.By my soul, a swain! a most simple clown! Lord, Lord, how the ladies and I have put him down! O' my troth, most sweet jests! most incony vulgar wit! When it comes so smoothly off, so obscenely, as it were, so fit. Armado o' th' one side,-O, a most dainty man! To see him walk before a lady and to bear her fan! To see him kiss his hand! and how most sweetly a' will swear! And his page o' t' other side, that handful of wit! Ah, heavens, it is a most pathetical  Costard, running.   reverend sport, truly and done in the testimony of a good conscience. Hol.The deer was, as you know,  ripe as the pomewater, who now hangeth like a jewel in the ear of caelo, the sky, the welkin, the heaven and anon falleth like a crab on the face of terra, the soil, the land, the earth. Nath.Truly, Master Holofernes, the epithets are sweetly varied, like a scholar at the least but, sir, I assure ye, it was a buck of the first head. Hol.Sir Nathaniel, haud credo. Dull.'Twas not a haud credo 'twas a pricket. Hol.Most barbarous intimation! yet a kind of insinuation, as it were, in via, in way, of explication facere, as it were, replication, or rather, ostentare, to show, as it were, his inclination, after his undressed, unpolished, uneducated, unpruned, untrained, or rather, unlettered, or ratherest, unconfirmed fashion, to insert again my haud credo for a deer. Dull.I said the deer was not a haud credo 'twas a pricket. Hol.Twice-sod simplicity, bis coctus! O thou monster Ignorance, how deformed dost thou look! Nath.Sir, he hath never fed of the dainties that are bred in a book he hath not eat paper, as it were he hath not drunk ink his intellect is not replenished he is only an animal, only sensible in the duller parts And such barren plants are set before us, that we thankful should be, Which we of taste and feeling are, for those parts that do fructify in us more than he. For as it would ill become me to be vain, indiscreet, or a fool, So were there a patch set on learning, to see him in a school But omne bene, say I being of an old father's mind,  the weather that  two are book-men can you tell me by your wit What was a month old at Cain's birth, that's not five weeks old as yet Hol.Dictynna, goodman Dull Dictynna, goodman Dull. Dull.What is Dictynna Nath.A title to Phoebe, to Luna, to the moon. Hol.The moon was a month old when Adam was no more. And raught not to five weeks when he came to five-score. The allusion holds in the exchange. Dull.'Tis true indeed the collusion holds in the exchange. Hol.God comfort thy capacity! I say, the allusion holds in the exchange. Dull.And I say, the pollusion holds in the exchange for the moon is never but a month old and I say beside that, 'twas a pricket that the princess killed. Hol.Sir Nathaniel, will you hear an extemporal epitaph on the death of the deer And, to humor the  I the deer the princess killed a pricket.  Master Holofernes, perge so it shall please you to abrogate scurrility. Hol.I will something affect the letter, for it argues facility.   say a sore but not a sore, till now made sore with  The dogs did yell L to  sore, or else sorel the  Of one sore I an hundred make by adding but one more L. Nath.A rare talent!  a talent be a claw, look how he claws him with a talent. Hol.This is a gift that I have, simple, simple a foolish extravagant spirit, full of forms, figures, shapes, objects, ideas, apprehensions, motions, revolutions these are begot in the ventricle of memory, nourished in the womb  mater, and delivered upon the mellowing of occasion. But the gift is good in those in whom it is acute, and I am thankful for it. Nath.Sir, I praise the Lord for you and so may my parishioners for their sons are well tutored by you, and their daughters profit very greatly under you you are a good member of the commonwealth.  if their sons be ingenuous, they shall want no instruction if their daughters be capable, I will put it to them  loquitur a soul feminine saluteth  give you good morrow, master Parson. Hol.Master Parson, quasi pers-on. An if one should be pierced, which is the one Cost.Marry, master schoolmaster, he that is likest to a hogshead. Hol.Piercing a hogshead! a good lustre of conceit in a tuft of earth fire enough for a flint, pearl enough for a swine 'tis pretty it is well. Jaq.Good master Parson, be so good as read me this letter it was given me by Costard, and sent me from Don Armado I beseech you, read  quando pecus omne sub  so forth. Ah, good old Mantuan! I may speak of thee as the traveller doth of  ti pretia. Old Mantuan, old Mantuan! who understandeth thee not, loves thee  pardon, sir, what are the contents or rather, as Horace says in his-What, my soul, verses Nath.Ay, sir, and very learned. Hol.Let me hear a staff, a stanze, a verse lege,  love make me forsworn, how shall I swear to love Ah, never faith could hold, if not to beauty vow'd! Though to myself forsworn, to thee I'll faithful prove Those thoughts to mewere oaks, to thee like osiers bow'd. Study his bias leaves and makes his book thine eyes, Where all those pleasures live that art would comprehend If knowledge be the mark, to know thee shall suffice Well learned is that tongue that well can thee commend, All ignorant that soul that sees thee without wonder Which is to me some praise that I thy parts admire Thy eye Jove's lightning bears, thy voice his dreadful thunder, Which, not to anger bent, is music and sweet fire. Celestial as thou art, O, pardon, love, this wrong, That sings heaven's praise with such an earthly tongue. Hol.You find not the apostraphas, and so miss the accent let me supervise the canzonet. Here are only numbers ratified but, for the elegancy, facility, and golden cadence of poesy, caret. Ovidius Naso was the man and why, indeed, Naso, but for smelling out the odoriferous flowers of fancy, the jerks of invention Imitari is nothing so doth the hound his master, the ape his keeper, the tired horse his rider. But, damosella virgin, was this directed to you Jaq.Ay, sir, from one Monsieur Biron, one of the strange queen's lords. Hol.I will overglance the superscript  of the most beauteous Lady Rosaline.' I will look again on the intellect of the letter, for the nomination of the party writing to the person written unto 'Your ladyship's in all  Sir Nathaniel, this Biron is one ofthe votaries with the king and here he hath framed a letter to a sequent of the stranger queen's, which accidentally, or by the way of progression, hath miscarried. Trip and go, my sweet deliver this paper into the royal hand of the king it may concern much. Stay not thy compliment I forgive thy duty adieu. Jaq.Good Costard, go with me. Sir, God save your life! Cost.Have with thee, my girl.  you have done this in the fear of God, very religiously and, as a certain father saith,-~ Hol.Sir, tell not me of the father I do fear colorable colors. But to return to the verses did they please you, Sir Nathaniel Nath.Marvellous well for the pen. Hol.I do dine to-day at the father's of a certain pupil of mine where, if, before repast, it shall please you to gratify the table with a grace, I will, on my privilege I have with the parents of the foresaid child or pupil, undertake your ben venuto where I will prove those verses to be very unlearned, neither savouring of poetry, wit, nor invention I beseech your society. Nath.And thank you too for society, saith the text, is the happiness of life. Hol.And, certes, the text most infallibly concludes  invite you too you shall not say me nay pauca verba. Away! the gentles are at their game, and we will to our   king he is hunting the deer I am coursing myself they have pitched a toil I am toiling in a pitch,-pitch that defiles defile! a foul word. Well, set thee down, sorrow! for so they say the fool said, and so say I, and I the fool well proved, wit! By the Lord, this love is as mad as Ajax it kills sheep it kills me, I a sheep well proved again o' my side! I will not love if I do, hang me i' faith, I will not. O, but her eye,-by this light, but for her eye, I would not love her yes, for her two eyes. Well, I do nothing in the world but lie, and lie in my throat. By heaven, I do love and it hath taught me to rhyme and to be melancholy and here is part of my rhyme, and here my melancholy. Well, she hath one o' my sonnets already the clown bore it, the fool sent it, and the lady hath it sweet clown, sweeter fool, sweetest lady! By the world, I would not care a pin, if the other three were in. Here comes one with a paper God give him grace to  the King,   by heaven! Proceed, sweet Cupid thou hast thumped him with thy bird-bolt under the left pap. In faith, secrets! King.readsSo sweet a kiss the golden sun gives not To those fresh morning drops upon the rose, As thy eye-beams,  smote The  that on my  shines the silver moon one half  the transparent bosom of the  every tear that I do weep No drop but as a coach doth carry thee So ridest   me, And they thy  nor tongue of mortal tell. How shall she know my griefs I'll drop the paper Sweet leaves, shade folly. Who is he comes  What, Longaville! and reading! listen, ear. Biron.Now, in thy likeness, one more fool appear!  I am forsworn!  comes in like a perjure, wearing  love, I hope sweet fellowship in shame! Biron.One drunkard loves another of the name. Long.Am I the first that have been perjured  could put thee in comfort. Not by two that I know Thou makest the triumviry, the corner-cap of society, The shape of Love's Tyburn that hangs up simplicity. Long.I fear these stubborn lines lack power to move. O sweet Maria, empress of my love! These numbers will I tear, and write in prose. Biron.O, rhymes are guards on wanton Cupid's hose Disfigure not his slop. Long.This same shall go.  the   world cannot hold argument,  transform'd! four woodcocks in a dish! Dum.O most divine Kate! Biron.O most profane coxcomb!b! Dum.By heaven, the wonder in a mortal eye! Biron.By earth, she is not, corporal, there you lie.e. Dum.Her amber hair for foul hath amber quoted. Biron.An amber-colour'd raven was well noted.oted. Dum.As upright as the cedar. Biron.Stoop, I say Her shoulder is with child. Dum.As fair as day. Biron.Ay, as some days but then no sun must shine. Dum.O that I had my wish! Long.And I had mine!  I mine too, good Lord! Biron.Amen, so I had mine is not that a good word Dum.I would forget her but a fever she Reigns in my blood and will remember'd be. Biron.A fever in your blood! why, then incision Would let her out in saucers sweet misprision! Dum.Once more I'll read the ode that I have writ.  I'll mark how love can vary wit. Dum.   whose month is ever  heaven's breath. Air, quoth he, thy cheeks may blow Air, would  alack, my hand is sworn  will I send and something else more plain, That shall express my true love's fasting pain. O, would the king, Biron, and Longaville, Were lovers too! Ill, to example ill, Would from my forehead wipe a perjured note For none offend where all alike do dote. Long.  thy love is far from charity, That in love's grief desirest society You may look pale, but I should blush, I know, To be o'erheard and taken napping so.  you blush as his your case is such You chide at him, offending twice as much You do not love Maria Longaville Did never sonnet for her sake compile, Nor never lay his wreathed arms athwart His loving bosom to keep down his heart. I have been closely shrouded in this bush And mark'd you both and for you both did blush I heard your guilty rhymes, observed your fashion, Saw sighs reek from you, noted well your passion Ay me! says one Jove! the other cries One, her hairs were gold, crystal the other's  would for paradise break faith and troth To Dum. And Jove, for your love, would infringe an  will Biron say when that he shall hear Faith so infringed, which such zeal did swear How will he scorn! how will he spend his wit! How will he triumph, leap and laugh at it! For all the wealth that ever I did see, I would not have him know so much by me. Biron.Now step I forth to whip hypocrisy. Advancing. Ah, good my liege, I pray thee, pardon me! Good heart, what grace hast thou, thus to reprove These worms for loving, that art most in love Your eyes do make no coaches in your tears There is no certain princess that appears You'll not be perjured, 'tis a hateful thing Tush, none but minstrels like of sonneting! But are you not ashamed nay, are you not, All three of you, to be thus much o'ershot You found his mote the king your mote did see But I a beam do find in each of three. O, what a scene of foolery have I seen, Of sighs, of groans, of sorrow and of teen! O me, with what strict patience have I sat, To see a king transformed to a gnat! To see great Hercules whipping a gig, And profound Solomon to tune a jig, And Nestor play at push-pin with the boys, And critic Timon laugh at idle toys! Where lies thy grief, O, tell me, good Dumain And, gentle Longaville, where lies thy pain And where my liege's all about the breast A caudle, ho! King.Too bitter is thy jest. Are we betray'd thus to thy over-view Biron.Not you to me, but I betray'd by you I, that am honest I, that hold it sin To break the vow I am engaged in I am betray'd, by keeping company With men like men  When shall you see me write a thing in rhyme Or groan for love or spend a minute's time In pruning me When shall you hear that I Will praise a hand, a foot, a face, an eye, A gait, a state, a brow, a breast, a waist, A leg, a limb King.Soft! whither away so fast A true man or a thief that gallops so Biron.I post from love good lover, let me go.  bless the king! King.What present hast thou there Cost.Some certain treason. King.What makes treason here Cost.Nay, it makes nothing, sir. King.If it mar nothing neither, The treason and you go in peace away together. Jaq.I beseech your grace, let this letter be read Our parson misdoubts it 'twas treason, he said. King.Biron, read it over. Giving him the paper. Where hadst thou it Jaq.Of  King.Where hadst thou it Cost.Of Dun Adramadio, Dun Adramadio. King.How now! what is in you why dost thou tear it Biron.A toy, my liege, a toy your grace needs not fear it. Long.It did move him to passion, and therefore let's hear it. Dum.It is Biron's writing, and here is his   you whoreson loggerhead! you were born to do me shame. Guilty, my lord, guilty! I confess, I confess. King.What Biron.That you three fools lack'd me fool to make up the mess He, he, and you, and you, my liege, and I, Are pick-purses in love, and we deserve to die. O, dismiss this audience, and I shall tell you more. Dum.Now the number is even. Biron.True, true we are four. Will these turtles be gone King.Hence, sirs away! Cost.Walk aside the true folk, and let the traitors stay.  lords, sweet lovers, O, let us embrace! As true we are as flesh and blood can be The sea will ebb and flow, heaven show his face Young blood doth not obey an old decree We cannot cross the cause why we were born Therefore of all hands must we be forsworn. King.What, did these rent lines show some love of thine Biron.Did they, quoth you Who sees the heavenly Rosaline, That, like a rude and savage man of Inde, At the first opening of the gorgeous east, Bows not his vassal head and strucken blind Kisses the base ground with obedient breast What peremptory eagle-sighted eye Dares look upon the heaven of her brow, That is not blinded by her majesty King.What zeal, what fury hath inspired thee now My love, her mistress, is a gracious moon She an attending star, scarce seen a light. Biron.My eyes are then no eyes, nor I Biron O, but for my love, day would turn to night! Of all complexions the cull'd sovereignty Do meet, as at a fair, in her fair cheek, Where several worthies make one dignity, Where nothing wants that want itself doth seek. Lend me the flourish of all gentle tongues,-~Fie, painted rhetoric! O, she needs it not To things of sale a seller's praise belongs, She passes praise then praise too short doth blot. A wither'd hermit, five-score winters worn, Might shake off fifty, looking in her eye Beauty doth varnish age, as if new-born, And gives the crutch the cradle's infancy O, 'tis the sun that maketh all things shine. King.By heaven, thy love is black as ebony. Biron.Is ebony like her O wood divine! A wife of such wood were felicity. O, who can give an oath where is a book That I may swear beauty doth beauty lack, If that she learn not of her eye to look No face is fair that is not full so black. King.O paradox ! Black is the badge of hell, The hue of dungeons and the suit of night And beauty's crest becomes the heavens well. Biron.Devils soonest tempt, resembling spirits of light. O, if in black my lady's brows be deck'd, It mourns that painting and usurping hair Should ravish doters with a false aspect And therefore is she born to make black fair. Her favour turns the fashion of the days, For native blood is counted painting now And therefore red, that would avoid dispraise, Paints itself black, to imitate her brow. Dum.To look like her are chimney-sweepers black. Long.And since her time are colliers counted bright. King.And Ethiopes of their sweet complexion crack. Dum.Dark needs no candles now, for dark is light. Biron.Your mistresses dare never come in rain, For fear their colours should be wash'd away. King.'Twere good, yours did for, sir, to tell you plain, I'll find a fairer face not wash'd to-day. Biron.I'll prove her fair, or talk till doomsday here. King.No devil will fright thee then so much as she. Dum.I never knew man hold vile stuff so dear. Long.Look, here's thy love my foot and her face  if the streets were paved with thine eyes, Her feet were much too dainty for such tread! Dum.O vile! then, as she goes, what upward lies The street should see as she walk'd overhead. King.But what of this are we not all in love Biron.Nothing so sure and thereby all forsworn. King.Then leave this chat and, good Biron, now prove Our loving lawful, and our faith not torn. Dum.Ay, marry, there some flattery for this evil. Long.O, some authority how to proceed Some tricks, some quillets, how to cheat the devil. Dum.Some salve for perjury. Biron.'Tis more than need. Have at you, then, affection's men at arms. Consider what you first did swear unto, To fast, to study, and to see no woman Flat treason 'gainst the kingly state of youth. Say, can you fastst your stomachs are too young And abstinence engenders maladies. And where that you have vow'd to study, lords, In that each of you have forsworn his book, Can you still dream and pore and thereon lookok For when would you, my lord, or you, or you, Have found the ground of study's excellence Without the beauty of a woman's face From women's eyes this doctrine I derive They are the ground, the books, the academes From whence doth spring the true Promethean fire. Why, universal plodding poisons up The nimble spirits in the arteries, As motion and long-during action tires The sinewy vigor of the traveller. Now, for not looking on a woman's face, You have in that forsworn the use of eyes And study too, the causer of your vow For where is any author in the world Teaches such beauty as a woman's eyeye Learning is but an adjunct to ourself And where we are our learning likewise is Then when ourselves we see in ladies' eyes, Do we not likewise see our learning there O, we have made a vow to study, lords, And in that vow we have forsworn our books. For when would you, my liege, or you, or you, In leaden contemplation have found out Such fiery numbers as the prompting eyes Of beauty's tutors have enrich'd you with Other slow arts entirely keep the brain And therefore, finding barren practisers, Scarce show a harvest of their heavy toil But love, first learned in a lady's eyes, Lives not alone immured in the brain But, with the motion of all elements, Courses as swift as thought in every power, And gives to every power a double power, Above their functions and their offices. It adds a precious seeing to the eye A lover's eyes will gaze an eagle blind A lover's ear will hear the lowest sound, When the suspicious head of theft is stopp'd Love's feeling is more soft and sensible Than are the tender horns of cockled snails Love's tongue proves dainty Bacchus gross in taste For valour, is not Love a Hercules, Still climbing trees in the Hesperides Subtle as Sphinx as sweet and musical As bright Apollo's lute, strung with his hair And when Love speaks, the voice of all the gods Makes heaven drowsy with the harmony. Never durst poet touch a pen to write Until his ink were temper'd with Love's sighs O, then his lines would ravish savage ears And plant in tyrants mild humility. From women's eyes this doctrine I derive They sparkle still the right Promethean fire They are the books, the arts, the academes, That show, contain and nourish all the world Else none at all in aught proves excellent. Then fools you were these women to forswear, Or keeping what is sworn, you will prove fools. For wisdom's sake, a word that all men love, Or for love's sake, a word that loves all men, Or for men's sake, the authors of these women, Or women's sake, by whom we men are men, Let us once lose our oaths to find ourselves, Or else we lose ourselves to keep our oaths, It is religion to be thus forsworn, For charity itself fulfils the law, And who can sever love from charity King.Saint Cupid, then! and, soldiers, to the field ! Biron.Advance your standards, and upon them, lords Pell-mell, down with them! but be first advised, In conflict that you get the sun of them. Long.Now to plain-dealing lay these glozes by Shall we resolve to woo these girls of France King.And win them too therefore let us devise Some entertainment for them in their tents. Biron.First, from the park let us conduct them thither Then homeward every man attach the hand Of his fair mistress in the afternoon We will with some strange pastime solace them, Such as the shortness of the time can shape For revels, dances, masks and merry hours Forerun fair Love, strewing her way with flowers. King.Away, away! no time shall be omitted That will betime, and may by us be fitted.  cockle reap'd no corn And justice always whirls in equal measure Light wenches may prove plagues to men forsworn If so, our copper buys no better  Hol.Satis   praise God for you, sir your reasons at dinner have been sharp and sententious pleasant without scurrility, witty, with~out affection, audacious without impudency, learned without opinion, and strange without heresy. I did converse this quondam day with a companion of the king's, who is intituled, nominated or called, Don Adriano de  humor is lofty, his discourse peremptory, his tongue filed, his eye ambitious, his gait majestical, and his general behavior vain, ridiculous, and thrasonical. He is too picked, too spruce, too affected, too odd, as it were, too peregrinate, as I may call it. Nath.A most singular and choice epithet. Draws  draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument. I abhor such fanatical phantasimes, such insociable and point-devise companions such rackers of orthography, as to speak dout, fine, when he should say doubt det, when he should pronounce debt,-d, e, b, t, not d, e, t he clepeth a calf, cauf half, hauf neighbor vocatur nebour neigh abbreviated ne. This is abhominable,-which he would call abbominable it insinuateth me of insanie  make frantic,   not sirrah Arm.Men of peace, well encountered. Hol.Most military sir, salutation.  have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.  they have lived long on the alms~basket of words. I marvel thy master hath not eaten thee for a word for thou art not so long by the head as  art easier swallowed than a flap~dragon. Moth.Peace! the peal begins. Arm.To  are you not lettered Moth.Yes, yes he teaches boys the hornbook. What is a, b, spelt backward, with the horn on his head  a horn added. Moth.Ba, most silly sheep with a horn. You hear his learning. Hol.Quis, quis, thou consonant Moth.The third of the five vowels, if you repeat them or the  will repeat them,-a, e,  Moth.The sheep the other two concludes it,-o, u. Arm.Now, by the salt wave of the Mediterraneum, a sweet touch, a quick venue of wit! snip, snap, quick and home! it rejoiceth my intellect true wit! Moth.Offered by a child to an old man which is wit-old. Hol.What is the figure what is the figure Moth.Horns. Hol.Thou disputest like an infant go, whip thy gig. Moth.Lend me your horn to make one, and I will whip about your  of a cuckold's horn. Cost.An I had but one penny in the world,thou shouldst have it to buy gingerbread hold, there is the very remuneration I had of thy master, thou halfpenny purse of wit, thou pigeon-egg of discretion. O, an the heavens were so pleased that thou wert but my bastard, what a joyful father wouldst thou make me! Go to thou hast it ad dunghill, at the fingers' ends, as they say. Hol.O, I smell false Latin dunghill for unguem.  will be singuled from the barbarous. Do you not educate youth at the charge-house on the top of the mountainin Hol.Or mons, the hill. Arm.At your sweet pleasure, for the mountain. Hol.I do, sans question. Arm.Sir, it is the king's most sweet pleasure and affection to congratulate the princess at her pavilion in the posteriors of this day, which the rude multitude call the afternoon. Hol.The posterior of the day, most generous sir, is liable, congruent and measurable for the afternoon the word is well culled, chose, sweet and apt, I do assure you, sir, I do assure. Arm.Sir, the king is a noble gentleman, and my familiar, I do assure ye, very good friend for what is inward between us, let it pass. I do beseech thee, remember thy courtesy I beseech thee, apparel thy head and among other important and most serious designs, and of great import indeed, too, but let that pass for I must tell thee, it will please his grace, by the world, sometime to lean upon my poor shoulder, and with his royal finger, thus, dally with my excrement, with my mustachio but, sweet heart, let that pass. By the world, I recount no fable some certain special honors it pleaseth his greatness to impart to Armado, a soldier, a man of travel, that hath seen the world but let that pass. The very all of all is,-but, sweet heart, I do implore secrecy,-that the king would have me present the princess, sweet chuck, with some delightful ostentation, or show, or pageant, or antique, or firework. Now, understanding that the curate and your sweet self are good at such eruptions and sudden breaking out of mirth, as it were, I have acquainted you withal, to the end to crave your assistance. Hol.Sir, you shall present before her the Nine Worthies.  concerning some entertainment of time, some show in the posterior of this day, to be rendered by our assistants, at the king's command, and this most gallant, illustrate, and learned gentleman, before the princess I say none so fit as to present the Nine Worthies. Nath.Where will you find men worthy enough to present them Hol.Joshua, yourself myself and this gallant gentleman, Judas Maccabaeus this swain, because of his great limb or joint, shall pass Pompey the Great the page, Hercules,-~ Arm.Pardon, sir error he is not quantity enough for that Worthy's thumb he is not so big as the end of his club. Hol.Shall I have audience he shall present Hercules in minority his enter and exit shall be strangling a snake and I will have an apology for that purpose. Moth.An excellent device! so, if any of the audience hiss, you may   that is the way to make an offence gracious, though few have the grace to do it. Arm.For the rest of the  Hol.I will play three myself. Moth.Thrice-worthy gentleman! Arm.Shall I tell you a thing Hol.We attend. Arm.We will have, if this fadge not, an antique. I beseech you, follow. Hol.Via, goodman Dull! thou hast spoken no word all this while. Dull.Nor understood none neither,  will employ thee. Dull.I'll make one in a dance, or so or I will play On the tabor to the Worthies, and let them dance the hay. Hol.Most dull, honest Dull! To our sport  Prin.Sweet hearts, we shall be rich ere we depart, If fairings come thus plentifully in A lady wall'd about witth diamonds! Look you what I have from the loving king. Ros.Madame, came nothing else along with that Prin.Nothing but this! yes, as much love in rhyme As would be cramm'd up in a sheet of paper, Writ o' both sides the leaf, margent and all, That he was fain to seal on Cupid's name. Ros.That was the way to make his godhead wax, For he hath been five thousand years a boy, Kath.Ay, and a shrewd unhappy gallows too. Ros.You'll ne'er be friends with him a' kill'd your sister. Kath.He made her melancholy, sad, and heavy And so she died had she been light, like you, Of such a merry, nimble, stirring spirit, She might ha' been a grandam ere she died And so may you for a light heart lives long. Ros.What's your dark meaning, mouse, of this light word Kath.A light condition in a beauty dark. Ros.We need more light to find your meaning out. Kath.You'll mar the light by taking it in snuff Therefore I'll darkly end the argument. Ros.Look, what you do, you do it still i' the dark. Kath.So do not you, for you are a light wench. Ros.Indeed I weigh not you, and therefore light. Kath.You weigh me not O, that's you care not for me. Ros.Great reason for 'past cure is still past care.' Prin.Well bandied both a set of wit well play'd. But, Rosaline, you have a favor too Who sent it and what is it   you knew An if my face were but as fair as yours, My favour were as great be witness this. Nay, I have verses too, I thank Biron The numbers true and, were the numbering too, I were the fairest goddess on the ground I am compared to twenty thousand fairs, O, he hath drawn my picture in his letter! Prin.Any thinglike Ros.Much in the letters nothing in the praise. Prin.Beauteous as ink a good conclusion. Kath.Fair as a text B in a copy-book. Ros.'Ware pencils, ho! let me not die your debtor, My red dominical, my golden letter O that your face were not so full of O's! Kath.A pox of that jest! and I beshrew all  was sent to you from fair Dumain Kath.Madam, this glove. Prin.Did he not send you twain Kath.Yes, madam, and moreover Some thousand verses of a faithful lover, A huge translation of hypocrisy, Vilely compiled, profound simplicity. Mar.This and these pearls to me sent Longaville The letter is too long by half a mile. Prin.I think no less. Dost thou not wish in heart The chain were longer and the letter short Mar.Ay, or I would these hands might never part. Prin.We are wise girls to mock our lovers so. Ros.They are worse fools to purchase mocking so. That same Biron I'll torture ere I go O that I knew he were but in by the week! How I would make him fawn and beg and seek And wait the season and observe the times And spend his prodigal wits in bootless rhymes And shape his service wholly to my hests And make him proud to make me proud that jests! So perttaunt-like would I o'ersway his state That he should be my fool and I his fate. Prin.None are so surely caught, when they are catch'd, As wit turn'd fool folly, in wisdom hatch'd. Hath wisdom's warrant and the help of school And wit's own grace to grace a learned fool. Ros.The blood of youth burns not with such excess As gravity's revolt to wantonness. Mar.Folly in fools bears not so strong a note As foolery in the wise, when wit doth dote Since all the power thereof it doth apply To prove, by wit, worth in simplicity.  comes Boyet, and mirth is in his  I am stabb'd with laughter! Where's her grace Prin.Thy news, Boyet Boyet.Prepare, madam, prepare! Arm, wenches, arm! encounters mounted are Against your peace Love doth approach disguised, Armed in arguments you'll be surprised Muster your wits stand in your own defence Or hide your heads like cowards, and fly hence. Prin.Saint Denis to Saint Cupid! What are they That charge their breath against us say, scout, say. Boyet.Under the cool shade of a sycamore I thought to close mine eyes some half an hour When, lo! to interrupt my purposed rest, Toward that shade I might behold addrest The king and his companions warily I stole into a neighbour thicket by, And overheard what you shall overhear, That, by and by, disguised they will be here. Their herald is a pretty knavish page, That well by heart hath conn'd his embassage Action and accent did they teach him there 'Thus  bear And ever and anon they made a doubt Presence majestical would put him out 'For,' quoth the king, 'an angel shalt thou see Yet fear not thou, but speak  boy  evil I   had she been a devil.' With that, all laugh'd and clapp'd him on the shoulder, Making the bold wag by their praises bolder One rubb'd his elbow thus, and fleer'd and swore A better speech was never spoke before Another, with his finger and his thumb,  will do't,  The third he caper'd, and  fourth turn'd on the toe, and down he fell. With that, they all did tumble on the ground, With such a zealous laughter, so profound, That in this spleen ridiculous appears, To check their folly, passion's solemn tears. Prin.But what, but what, come they to visit us Boyet.They do, they do and are apparell'd thus, Like Muscovites or Russians, as I guess. Their purpose is to parle, to court and dance And every one his love-feat will advance Unto his several mistress, which they'll know By favors several which they did bestow. Prin.And will they so the gallants shall be task'd For, ladies, we will every one be mask'd And not a man of them shall have the grace, Despite of suit, to see a lady's face. Hold, Rosaline, this favour thou shalt wear, And then the king will court thee for his dear Hold, take thou this, my sweet, and give me thine, So shall Biron take me for Rosaline. And change you favors too so shall your loves Woo contrary, deceived by these removes. Ros.Come on, then wear the favours most in sight. Kath.But in this changing what is your intent Prin.The effect of my intent is to cross theirs They do it but in mocking merriment And mock for mock is only my intent. Their several counsels they unbosom shall To loves mistook, and so be mock'd withal Upon the next occasion that we meet, With visages display'd, to talk and greet. Ros.But shall we dance, if they desire us to't Prin.No, to the death, we will not move a foot Nor to their penn'd speech render we no grace, But while 'tis spoke each turn away her face. Boyet.Why, that contempt will kill the speaker's heart, And quite divorce his memory from his part. Prin.Therefore I do it and I make no doubt The rest will ne'er come in, if he be out There's no such sport as sport by sport o'erthrown, To make theirs ours and ours none but our own So shall we stay, mocking intended game, And they, well mock'd, depart away with shame. Trumpets  within. Boyet.The trumpet sounds be mask'd the maskers come. The Ladies mask.  no richer than rich taffeta. Moth.A holy  The Ladies turn their backs to him. That ever turn'd their-backs-to mortal  villain, their  ever turn'd their mortal  out indeed.   to behold, rogue.  will not answer to that epithet You were best call it 'daughter-beamed eyes.' Moth.They do not mark me, and that brings me out. Biron.Is this your perfectness be gone, you  would these strangers know their minds, Boyet If they do speak our language, 'tis our will That some plain man recount their purposes Know what they would. Boyet.What would you with the princess Biron.Nothing but peace and gentle visitation. Ros.What would they, say they Boyet.Nothing but peace and gentle visitation. Ros.Why, that they have and bid them so be gone. Boyet.She says, you have it, and you may be gone. King.Say to her, we have measured many miles To tread a measure with her on this grass. Boyet.They say, that they have measured many a mile To tread a measure with you on this grass. Ros.It is not so. Ask them how many inches Is in one mile if they have measured many, The measure then of one is easily told. Boyet.If to come hither you have measured miles, And many miles, the princess bids you tell How many inches doth fill up one mile. Biron.Tell her, we measure them by weary steps. Boyet.She hears herself. Ros.How many weary steps, Of many weary miles you have o'ergone, Are number'd in the travel of one mile Biron.We number nothing that we spend for you Our duty is so rich, so infinite, That we may do it still without accompt. Vouchsafe to show the sunshine of your face, That we, like savages, may worship it. Ros.My face is but a moon, and clouded too. King.Blessed are clouds, to do as such clouds do! Vouchsafe, bright moon, and these thy stars, to shine, Those clouds removed, upon our watery eyne. Ros.O vain petitioner! beg a greater matter Thou now request'st but moonshine in the water. King.Then, in our measure do but vouchsafe one change. Thou bid'st me beg this begging is not strange. Ros.Play, music, then! Nay, you must do it soon. Music plays. Not yet! no dance! Thus change I like the moon. King.Will you not dance How come you thus estranged Ros.You took the moon at full, but now she's changed. King.Yet still she is the moon, and I the man. The music plays vouchsafe some motion to it. Ros.Our ears vouchsafe it. King.But your legs should do it. Ros.Since you are strangers and come here by chance, We'll not be nice take hands. We will not dance. King.Why take we hands, then Ros.Only to part friends Curtsy, sweet hearts and so the measure ends. King.More measure of this measure be not nice. Ros.We can afford no more at such a price. King.Prize you yourselves what buys your company Ros.Your absence only. King.That can never be. Ros.Then cannot we be bought and so, adieu Twice to your visor, and half once to you. King.If you deny to dance, let's hold more chat. Ros.In private, then. King.I am best pleased with that. They  apart. Biron.White-handed mistress, one sweet word with thee. Prin.Honey, and milk, and sugar there is three. Biron.Nay then, two treys, and if you grow so nice, Metheglin, wort, and malmsey well run, dice! There's half a dozen sweets. Prin.Seventh sweet, adieu Since you can cog, I'll play no more with you. Biron.One word in secret. Prin.Let it not be sweet. Biron.Thou grievest my gall. Prin.Gall! bitter. Biron.Therefore meet. They converse  you vouchsafe with me to change a word Mar.Name it. Dum.Fair lady,-~ Mar.Say you so Fair lord,-~Take that for your fair lady. Dum.Please it you, As much in private, and I'll bid adieu. Kath.What, was your vizard made without a tongue Long.I know the reason, lady, why you ask. Kath.O for your reason! quickly, sir I long. Long.You have a double tongue within your mask, And would afford my speechless vizard half. Kath.Veal, quoth the Dutchman. Is not 'veal' a calf Long.A calf, fair lady! Kath.No, a fair lord calf. Long.Let's part the word. Kath.No, I'll not be your half Take all, and wean it it may prove an ox. Long.Look, how you butt yourself in these sharp mocks! Will you give horns, chaste lady do not so. Kath.Then die a calf, before your horns do  word in private with you, ere I die. Kath.Bleat softly then the butcher hears you cry. They converse  tongues of mocking wenches are as keen As is the razor's edge invisible. Cutting a smaller hair than may be seen, Above the sense of sense so sensible Seemeth their conference their conceits have wings Fleeter than arrows, bullets, wind, thought, swifter things. Ros.Not one word more, my maids break off, break off. Biron.By heaven, all dry-beaten with pure scoff! King.Farewell, mad wenches You have simple wits. Prin.Twenty adieus, my frozen  Are these the breed of wits so wonder'd at Boyet.Tapers they are, with your sweet breaths puff'd out. Ros.Well-liking wits they have gross, gross fat, fat. Prin.O poverty in wit, kingly-poor flout! Will they not, think you, hang themselves tonight Or ever, but in vizards, show their faces This pert Biron was out of countenance quite. Ros.O, they were all in lamentable cases! The king was weeping-ripe for a good word. Prin.Biron did swear himself out of all suit. Mar.Dumain was at my service, and his sword No point, quoth I my servant straight was mute. Kath.Lord Longaville said, I came o'er his heart And trow you what he call'd mePrin.Qualm, perhaps. Kath.Yes, in good faith. Prin.Go, sickness as thou art! Ros.Well, better wits have worn plain statute-caps. But will you hear the king is my love sworn. Prin.And quick Biron hath plighted faith to me. Kath.And Longaville was for my service born. Mar.Dumain is mine, as sure as bark on tree. Boyet.Madam, and pretty mistresses, give ear Immediately they will again be here In their own shapes for it can never be They will digest this harsh indignity. Prin.Will they return Boyet.They will, they will, God knows, And leap for joy, though they are lame with blows Therefore change favors and, when they repair, Blow like sweet roses in this summer air. Prin.How blow how blow speak to be understood. Boyet.Fair ladies mask'd are roses in their bud Dismask'd, their damask sweet commixture shown, Are angels vailing clouds, or roses blown. Prin.Avaunt, perplexity! What shall we do, If they return in their own shapes to woo Ros.Good madam, if by me you'll be advised, Let's mock them still, as well known as disguised Let us complain to them what fools were here, Disguised like Muscovites, in shapeless gear And wonder what they were and to what end Their shallow shows and prologue vilely penn'd And their rough carriage so ridiculous, Should be presented at our tent to us. Boyet.Ladies, withdraw the gallants are at hand. Prin.Whip to our tents, as roes run o'er land.  the princess Boyet.Gone to her tent. Please it your majesty Command me any service to her thitherg.That she vouchsafe me audience for one word. Boyet.I will and so will she, I know, my lord.  fellow pecks up wit as pigeons pease, And utters it again when God doth please He is wit's pedler, and retails his wares At wakes and wassails, meetings, markets, fairs And we that sell by gross, the Lord doth know, Have not the grace to grace it with such show. This gallant pins the wenches on his sleeve Had he been Adam, he had tempted Eve A' can carve too, and lisp why, this is he That kiss'd his hand away in courtesy This is the ape of form, monsieur the nice, That, when he plays at tables, chides the dice In honourable terms nay, he can sing A mean most meanly and in ushering Mend him who can the ladies call him sweet The stairs, as he treads on them, kiss his feet This is the flower that smiles on every one, To show his teeth as white as whale's bone And consciences, that will not die in debt, Pay him the due of honey-tongued Boyet. King.A blister on his sweet tongue, with my heart, That put Armado's page out of his part!  where it comes! Behaviour, what wert thou Till this madman show'd thee and what art thou  of day! Prin.'Fair' in 'all hail' is foul, as I conceive. King.Construe my speeches better, if you may. Prin.Then wish me better I will give you leave. King.We came to visit you, and purpose now To lead you to our court vouchsafe it then. Prin.This field shall hold me and so hold your vow Nor God, nor I, delights in perjured men. King.Rebuke me not for that which you provoke The virtue of your eye must break my oath. Prin.You nickname virtue vice you should have spoke For virtue's office never breaks men's troth. Now by my maiden honour, yet as pure As the unsullied lily, I protest, A world of torments though I should endure, I would not yield to be your house's guest So much I hate a breaking cause to be Of heavenly oaths, vow'd with integrity. King.O, you have lived in desolation here, Unseen, unvisited, much to our shame. Prin.Not so, my lord it is not so, I swear We have had pastimes here and pleasant game A mess of Russians left us but of late. King.How, madam!  in truth, my lord Trim gallants, full of courtship and of state. Ros.Madam, speak true. It is not so, my lord My lady, to the manner of the days, In courtesy gives undeserving praise. We four indeed confronted were with four In Russian habit here they stay'd an hour, And talk'd apace and in that hour, my lord. They did not bless us with one happy word. I dare not call them fools but this I think, When they are thirsty, fools would fain have drink. Biron.This jest is dry to me. Fair gentle sweet, Your wit makes wise things foolish when we greet, With eyes best seeing, heaven's fiery eye, By light we lose light your capacity Is of that nature that to your huge store Wise things seem foolish and rich things but poor. Ros.This proves you wise and rich, for in my eye,-~ Biron.I am a fool, and full of poverty. Ros.But that you take what doth to you belong, It were a fault to snatch words from my tongue. Biron.O, I am yours, and all that I possess! Ros.All the fool mine Biron.I cannot give you less. Ros.Which of the vizards was it that you wore Biron.Where when what vizard why demand you this Ros.There, then, that vizard that superfluous case That hid the worse and show'd the better face. King.We are descried they'll mock us now downright. Dum.Let us confess and turn it to a jest. Prin.Amazed, my lord why looks your highness sad Ros.Help, hold his brows! he'll swoon! Why look you pale Sea-sick, I think, coming from Muscovy. Biron.Thus pour the stars down plagues for perjury. Can any face of brass hold longer out Here stand I lady, dart thy skill at me Bruise me with scorn, confound me with a flout Thrust thy sharp wit quite through my ignorance Cut me to pieces with thy keen conceit And I will wish thee never more to dance, Nor never more in Russian habit wait. O, never will I trust to speeches penn'd, Nor to the motion of a schoolboy's tongue, Nor never come in vizard to my friend, Nor woo in rhyme, like a blind harper's song! Taffeta phrases, silken terms precise, Three-piled hyperboles, spruce affectation, Figures pedantical these summer-flies Have blown me full of maggot ostentation I do forswear them and I here protest, By this white glove,-how white the hand, God knows!-~Henceforth my wooing mind shall be express'd In russet yeas and honest kersey noes And, to begin, wench,-so God help me, la!-~My love to thee is sound, sans crack or flaw. Ros.Sans sans, I pray you. Biron.Yet I have a trick Of the old rage bear with me, I am sick I'll leave it by degrees. Soft, let us see Write, 'Lord have mercy on us' on those three They are infected in their hearts it lies They have the plague, and caught it of your eyes These lords are visited you are not free, For the Lord's tokens on you do I see. Prin.No, they are free that gave these tokens to us. Biron.Our states are forfeit seek not to undo us. Ros.It is not so for how can this be true, That you stand forfeit, being those that sue Biron.Peace! for I will not have to do with you. Ros.Nor shall not, if I do as I intend. Biron.Speak for yourselves my wit is at an end. King.Teach us, sweet madam, for our rude transgression Some fair excuse. Prin.The fairest is confession. Were not you here but even now disguised King.Madam, I was. Prin.And were you well  was, fair madam. Prin.When you then were here, What did you whisper in your lady's ear King.That more than all the world I did respect her. Prin.When she shall challenge this, you will reject her. King.Upon mine honour, no. Prin.Peace, peace! forbear Your oath once broke, you force not to forswear. King.Despise me, when I break this oath of mine. Prin.I will and therefore keep it. Rosaline, What did the Russian whisper in your ear Ros.Madam, he swore that he did hold me dear As precious eyesight, and did value me Above this world adding thereto moreover That he would wed me, or else die my lover. Prin.God give thee joy of him! the noble lord Most honorably doth unhold his word. King.What mean you, madam by my life, my troth, I never swore this lady such an oath. Ros.By heaven, you did and to confirm it plain, You gave me this but take it, sir, again. King.My faith and this the princess I did give I knew her by this jewel on her sleeve. Prin.Pardon me, sir, this jewel did she wear And Lord Biron, I thank him, is my dear. What, will you have me, or your pearl again Biron.Neither of either I remit both twain. I see the trick on't here was a consent Knowing aforehand of our merriment, To dash it like a Christmas comedy Some carry-tale, some please-man, some slight zany, Some mumble-news, some trencher-knight, some Dick, That smiles his cheek in years and knows the trick To make my lady laugh when she's disposed, Told our intents before which once disclosed, The ladies did change favours and then we, Following the signs, woo'd but the sign of she. Now, to our perjury to add more terror, We are again forsworn, in will and error. Much upon this it is and might not you To Boyet. Forestall our sport, to make us thus untrue Do not you know my lady's foot by the squier, And laugh upon the apple of her eye And stand between her back, sir, and the fire, Holding a trencher, jesting merrily You put our page out go, you are allow'd Die when you will, a smock shall be your shroud. You leer upon me, do you there's an eye Wounds like a leaden sword. Boyet.Full merrily Hath this brave manage, this career, been run. Biron.Lo, he is tilting straight! Peace! I have done. Enter COSTARD. Welcome, pure wit! thou partest a fair fray. Cost.O Lord, sir, they would know Whether the three Worthies shall come in or no. Biron.What, are there but threeee Cost.No, sir but it is vara fine, For every one pursents three. Biron.And three times thrice is nine. Cost.Not so, sir under correction, sir I hope it is not so. You cannot beg us, sir, I can assure you, sir we know what we know I hope, sir, three times thrice, sir,-~ Biron.Is not nine. Cost.Under correction, sir, we know whereuntil it doth amount. Biron.By Jove, I always took three times for nine. Cost.O Lord, sir, it were pity you should get your living by reckoning, sir. Biron.How much is it Cost.O Lord, sir, the parties themselves, the actors, sir, will show whereuntil it doth amount for mine own part, I am, as they say, but to parfect one man in one poor man, Pompion the Great, sir. Biron.Art thou one of the Worthies Cost.It pleased them to think me worthy of Pompion the Great for mine own part, I know not the degree of the Worthy, but I am to stand for him. Biron.Go bid them prepare. Cost.We will turn it finely off, sir we will take some care.  they will shame us let them not approach. Biron.We are shame-proof, my lord and 'tis some policy To have one show worse than the king's and his company. King.I say they shall not come. Prin.Nay, my good lord, let me o'errule you now That sport best pleases that doth least know how Where zeal strives to content, and the contents Dies in the zeal of that which it presents Their form confounded makes most form in mirth, When great things laboring perish in their birth. Biron.A right description of our sport, my lord. Enter  I implore so much expense of thy royal sweet breath as will utter a brace of words. Converset wiih the King, and delivers him a  this man serve God Biron.Why ask you Prin.He speaks not like a man of God's making. Arm.That is all one, my fair, sweet, honey monarch for, I protest, the schoolmaster is exceeding fantastical too too vain, too too vain but we will put it, as they say, to fortuna de la guerra. I wish you the peace of mind, most royal couplement!  is like to be a good presence of Worthies. He presents Hector of Troy the swain, Pompey the Great the parish curate, Alexander Armado's page, Hercules the pedant, Judas Maccabaeus And if these four Worthies in their first show thrive, These four will change habits, and present the other five. Biron.There is five in the first show. King.You are deceived 'tis not so. Biron.The pedant, the braggart, the hedgepriest, the fool and the boy -~Abate throw at novum, and the whole world again Cannot pick out five such, take each one in his vein. King.The ship is under sail, and here she comes   lie, you are not he. Cost.I Pompey  libbard's head on knee. Biron.Well said, old mocker I must needs be friends with thee. Cost.I Pompey am, Pompey surnamed the Big,-~ Dum.The Great. Cost.It is, 'Great,'  -~Pompey surnamed the Great That  targe and shield, did  travelling along this coast, I here am come by chance, And lay my arms before the legs of  If your ladyship would say,  I had done. Prin.Great thanks, great Pompey. Cost.'Tis not so much worth but I hope I was perfect I made a little fault in 'Great.' Biron.My hat to a halfpenny, Pompey proves the best Worthy.  Alexander. Nath.When in the world I lived,  By east, west, north, and  might My scutcheon plain declares that I am Alisander,-~ Boyet.Your nose says, no, you are not for it stands too right. Biron.Your nose smells 'no' in this, most tender-smelling knight. Prin.The conqueror is dismay'd. Proceed. good Alexander. Nath.When in the  commander,-~ Boyet.Most true, 'tis right you were so, Alisander. Biron.Pompey the Great,-~ Cost.Your servant, and Costard. Biron.Take away the conqueror, take away Alisander.  you have overthrown Alisander the conqueror! You will be scraped out of the painted cloth for this your lion, that holds his poll-axe sitting on a close-stool, will be given to Ajax he will be the ninth Worthy. A conqueror, and afeard to speak! run away for shame,  an't shallplease you a foolish mild man an honest man, look you, and soon dashed. He is a marvellous good neighbor, faith, and a very good bowler but, for Alisander,-alas, you see how 'tis,-a little o'erparted. But there are Worthies a-coming will speak their mind in some other sort. Prin.Stand aside, good Pompey.  Hercules. Hol.Great Hercules is presented by  club kill'd Cerberus,  And when he was a babe, a child, a shrimp, Thus did he strangle serpents in his manus. Quoniam he seemeth in minority,  apology. Keep some state in thy exit, and vanish.  Judas! Hol.Not Iscariot, sir. Judas I am,  Maccabaeus clipt is plain Judas. Biron.A kissing traitor. How art thou proved Judas  Dum.The more shame for you, Judas. Hol.What mean you, sir Boyet.To make Judas hang himself. Hol.Begin, sir you are my elder. Biron.Well followed Judas was hanged on an elder. Hol.I will not be put out of countenance. Biron.Because thou hast no face. Hol.What is this Boyet.A cittern-head. Dum.The head of a bodkin. Biron.A Death's face in a ring. Long.The face of an old Roman coin, scarce seen. Boyet.The pommel of Caesar's falchion. Dum.The carved-bone face on a flask. Biron.Saint George's half-cheek in a brooch. Dum.Ay, and in a brooch of lead. Biron.Ay, and worn in the cap of a tooth-drawer. And now forward for we have put thee in countenance. Hol.You have put me out of countenance. Biron.False we have given thee faces. Hol.But you have out-faced them all. Biron.An thou wert a lion, we would do so. Boyet.Therefore, as he is an ass, let him go. And so adieu, sweet Jude! nay, why dost thou stay Dum.For the latter end of his name. Biron.For the ass to the Jude give it him -Jud-as, away! Hol.This is not generous, not gentle, not humble. Boyet.A light for Monsieur Judas! it grows dark, he may stumble. Hol.  Prin.Alas, poor Maccabaeus, how hath he been baited! Enter  Hector. Biron.Hide thy head, Achilles here comes Hector in arms. Dum.Though my mocks come home by me, I will now be merry. King.Hector was but a Troyan in respect of this. Boyet.But is this Hector King.I think Hector was not so clean-timbered. Long.His leg is too big for Hector's. Dum.More calf, certain. Boyet.No he is best indued in the small. Biron.This cannot be Hector. Dum.He's a god or a painter for he makes faces.  the almighty, Gave Hector a  gilt nutmeg. Biron.A lemon. Long.Stuck with cloves. Dum.No, cloven.  armipotent   almighty, Gave Hector  Ilion A   morn till night, out of  mint. Long.That columbine. Arm.Sweet Lord Longaville, rein thy tongue. Long.I must rather give it the rein, for it runs against Hector. Dum.Ay, and Hector's a greyhound. Arm.The sweet war-man is dead and rotten sweet chucks, beat not the bones of the buried when he breathed, he was a man. But I will forward with my device.  on me the sense of  brave Hector we are much delighted. Arm.I do adore thy sweet grace's slipper.  her by the foot.  may not by the yard. Arm.This  far surmounted Hannibal,-~ Cost.The party is gone, fellow Hector, she is gone she is two months on her way. Arm.What meanest thou Cost.Faith, unless you play the honest Troyan, the poor wench is cast away she's quick the child brags in her belly already 'tis yours. Arm.Dost thou infamonize me among potentates thou shalt die. Cost.Then shall Hector be whipped for Jaquenetta that is quick by him and hanged for Pompey that is dead by him. Dum.Most rare Pompey! Boyet.Renowned Pompey! Biron.Greater than great, great, great, great Pompey! Pompey the Huge! Dum.Hector trembles. Biron.Pompey is moved. More Ates,more Ates! stir them on! stir them on! Dum.Hector will challenge him. Biron.Ay, if a' have no more man's blood in 's belly than will sup a flea. Arm.By the north pole, I do challenge thee. Cost.I will not fight with a pole, like a northern man I'll slash I'll do it by the sword. I bepray you, let me borrow my arms again. Dum.Room for the incensed Worthies! Cost.I'll do it in my shirt. Dum.Most resolute Pompey! Moth.Master, let me take you a buttonhole lower. Do you not see Pompey is uncasing for the combat What mean you You will lose your reputation. Arm.Gentlemen and soldiers, pardon me I will not combat in my shirt. Dum.You may not deny it Pompey hath made the challenge. Arm.Sweet bloods, I both may and will. Biron.What reason have you for't Arm.The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt I go woolward for penance. Boyet.True, and it was enjoined him in Rome for want of linen since when, I'll be sworn, he wore none but a dishclout ofJaquenetta's, and that a' wears next his heart for a favur. Enter MERCADE. Mer.God save you, madam! Prin.Welcome, Mercade But that thou interrupt'st our merriment. Mer.I am sorry, madam for the news I bring Is heavy in my tongue. The king your father-~ Prin.Dead, for my life! Mer.Even so my tale is told. Biron.Worthies, away! the scene begins to cloud. Arm.For mine own part, I breathe free breath. I have seen the day of wrong through the little hole of discretion, and I will right myself like a soldier. Exeunt Worthies. King.How fares your majesty Prin.Boyet, prepare I will away tonight. King.Madam, not so I do beseech you, stay. Prin.Prepare, I say. I thank you, gracious lords, For all your fair endeavours and entreat, Out of a new-sad soul, that you vouchsafe In your rich wisdom to excuse or hide The liberal opposition of our spirits, If over-boldly we have borne ourselves In the converse of breath your gentleness Was guilty of it. Farewell, worthy lord! A heavy heart bears not a nimble tongue Excuse me so, coming too short of thanks For my great suit so easily obtain'd. King.The extreme parts of time extremely forms All causes to the purpose of his speed, And often at his very loose decides That which long process could not arbitrate And though the mourning brow of progeny Forbid the smiling courtesy of love The holy suit which fain it would convince, Yet, since love's argument was first on foot, Let not the cloud of sorrow justle it From what it purposed since, to wail friends lost Is not by much so wholesome-profitable As to rejoice at friends but newly found. Prin.I understand you not my griefs are double. Biron.Honest plain words best pierce the ear of grief And by these badges understand the king. For your fair sakes have we neglected time, Play'd foul play with our oaths your beauty, ladies, Hath much deform'd us, fashioning our humors Even to the opposed end of our intents And what in us hath seem'd ridiculous,-~As love is full of unbefitting strains, All wanton as a child, skipping and vain, Form'd by the eye and therefore, like the eye, Full of strange shapes, of habits and of forms, Varying in subjects as the eye doth roll To every varied object in his glance Which parti-coated presence of loose love Put on by us, if, in your heavenly eyes, Have misbecomed our oaths and gravities, Those heavenly eyes, that look into these faults, Suggested us to make. Therefore, ladies, Our love being yours, the error that love makes Is likewise yours we to ourselves prove false, By being once false for ever to be true To those that make us both,-fair ladies, you And even that falsehood, in itself a sin, Thus purifies itself and turns to grace. Prin.We have received your letters full of love Your favors, the ambassadors of love And, in our maiden council, rated them At courtship, pleasant jest and courtesy, As bombast and as lining to the time But more devout than this in our respects Have we not been and therefore met your loves In their own fashion, like a merriment. Dum.Our letters, madam, show'd much more than jest. Long.So did our looks. Ros.We did not quote them so. King.Now, at the latest minute of the hour, Grant us your loves. Prin.A time, methinks, too short To make a world-without-end bargain in. No, no, my lord, your grace is perjured much, Full of dear guiltiness and therefore this If for my love, as there is no such cause, You will do aught, this shall you do for me Your oath I will not trust but go with speed To some forlorn and naked hermitage, Remote from all the pleasures of the world There stay until the twelve celestial signs Have brought about the annual reckoning. If this austere insociable life Change not your offer made in heat of blood If frosts and fasts, hard lodging and thin weeds Nip not the gaudy blossoms of your love, But that it bear this trial and last love Then, at the expiration of the year, Come challenge me, challenge me by these deserts, And, by this virgin palm now kissing thine, I will be thine and till that instant shut My woeful self up in a mourning house, Raining the tears of lamentation For the remembrance of my father's death. If this thou do deny, let our hands part, Neither intitled in the other's heart. King.If this, or more than this, I would deny, To flatter up these powers of mine with rest. The sudden hand of death close up mine eye! Hence ever then my heart is in thy breast. Biron.And what to me, my love and what to me Ros.You must be purged too, your sins are rack'd, You are attaint with faults and perjury Therefore if you my favour mean to get, A twelvemonth shall you spend, and never rest, But seek the weary beds of people sick. Dum.But what to me, my love but what to me A wife Kath.A beard, fair health, and honesty With three-fold love I wish you all these three. Dum.O, shall I say, I thank you, gentle wife Kath.Not so, my lord a twelvemonth and a day I'll mark no words that smooth-faced wooers say Come when the king doth to my lady come Then, if I have much love, I'll give you some. Dum.I'll serve thee true and faithfully till then. Kath.Yet swear not, lest ye be forsworn again. Long.What says Maria Mar.At the twelvemonth's end I'll change my black gown for a faithful friend. Long.I'll stay with patience but the time is long. Mar.The liker you few taller are so young. Biron.Studies my lady mistress, look on me Behold the window of my heart, mine eye, What humble suit attends thy answer there Impose some service on me for thy love. Ros.Oft have I heard of you, my Lord Biron, Before I saw you and the world's large tongue Proclaims you for a man replete with mocks, Full of comparisons and wounding flouts, Which you on all estates will execute That lie within the mercy of your wit. To weed this wormwood from your fruitful brain, And therewithal to win me, if you please, Without the which I am not to be won, You shall this twelvemonth term from day to day Visit the speechless sick and still converse With groaning wretches and your task shall be, With all the fierce endeavour of your wit To enforce the pained impotent to smile. Biron.To move wild laughter in the throat of death It cannot be it is impossible Mirth cannot move a soul in agony. Ros.Why, that's the way to choke a gibing spirit, Whose influence is begot of that loose grace Which shallow laughing hearers give to fools A jest's prosperity lies in the ear Of him that hears it, never in the tongue Of him that makes it then, if sickly ears, Deaf'd with the clamors of their own dear groans, Will hear your idle scorns, continue then, And I will have you and that fault withal But if they will not, throw away that spirit, And I shall find you empty of that fault, Right joyful of your reformation. Biron.A twelvemonth! well befall what will befall, I'll jest a twelvemonth in an hospital. KingAy, sweet my lord and so I take my  madam we will bring you on your way. Biron.Our wooing doth not end like an old play Jack hath not Jill these ladies' courtesy Might well have made our sport a comedy. King.Come, sir, it wants a twelvemonth and a day, And then 'twill end. Biron.That's too long for a play.  Arm.Sweet majesty, vouchsafe me,-~ Prin.Was not that Hector Dum.The worthy knight of Troy. Arm.I will kiss thy royal finger, and take leave. I am a votary I have vowed to Jaquenetta to hold the plough for her sweet love three years. But, most esteemed greatness, will you hear the dialogue that the two learned men have compiled in praise of the owl and the cuckoo it should have followed in the end of our show. King.Call them forth quickly we will do so. Arm.Holla! approach.  and others. This side is Hiems, Winter, this Ver, the Spring the one maintained by the owl, the other by the cuckoo. Ver, begin. THE  violets blue And  then, on every tree, Mocks married men for thus sings he, Cuckoo  a married ear!  oaten straws And merry  When turtles tread, and  And maidens bleach their summer  tree, Mocks married men for thus sings he,  When icicles hang by the wall  And Tom bears logs into the  milk comes frozen home in When blood is  be foul, Then nightly sings the staring owl, Tu-whit  a merry note, While greasy  the pot. When all aloud the  And coughing  And birds sit brooding in the snow  nose looks red and raw, When roasted crabs hiss   sings the staring  a merry note, While    Arm.The words of Mercury are harsh after the songs of Apollo. You that way we this way.  fair Hippolyta, our nuptial hour Draws on apace for happy days bring in Another moon but, O, methinks, how slow This old moon wanes! she lingers my desires, Like to a step-dame or a dowager Long withering out a young man's revenue. Hip.Four days will quickly steep themselves in night Four nights will quickly dream away the time And then the moon, like to a silver bow New-bent in heaven, shall behold the night Of our solemnities. The.Go, Philostrate, Stir up the Athenian youth to merriments Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth Turn melancholy forth to funerals The pale companion is not for our  I woo'd thee with my sword, And won thy love, doing thee injuries But I will wed thee in another key, With pomp, with triumph and with revelling.  be Theseus, our renowned duke! The.Thanks, good Egeus what's the news with thee Ege.Full of vexation come I, with complaint Against my child, my daughter Hermia. Stand forth, Demetrius. My noble lord, This man hath my consent to marry her. Stand forth, Lysander and, my gracious duke, This man hath bewitch'd the bosom of my child Thou, thou, Lysander, thou hast given her rhymes, And interchanged love-tokens with my child Thou hast by moonlight at her window sung, With feigning voice verses of feigning love, And stolen the impression of her fantasy With bracelets of thy hair, rings, gawds, conceits, Knacks, trifles, nosegays, sweetmeats, messengers Of strong prevailment in unharden'd youth With cunning hast thou filch'd my daughter's heart, Turn'd her obedience, which is due to me, To stubborn harshness and, my gracious duke, Be it so she will not here before your grace Consent to marry with Demetrius, I beg the ancient privilege of Athens, As she is mine, I may dispose of her Which shall be either to this gentleman Or to her death, according to our law Immediately provided in that case. The.What say you, Hermia be advised, fair maid To you your father should be as a god One that composed your beauties, yea, and one To whom you are but as a form in wax By him imprinted and within his power To leave the figure or disfigure it. Demetrius is a worthy gentleman. Her.So is Lysander. The.In himself he is But in this kind, wanting your father's voice, The other must be held the worthier. Her.I would my father look'd but with my eyes. The.Rather your eyes must with his judgement look. Her.I do entreat your grace to pardon me. I know not by what power I am made bold, Nor how it may concern my modesty, In such a presence here to plead my thoughts But I beseech your grace that I may know The worst that may befall me in this case, If I refuse to wed Demetrius. The.Either to die the death or to abjure For ever the society of men. Therefore, fair Hermia, question your desires Know of your youth, examine well your blood, Whether, if you yield not to your father's choice, You can endure the livery of a nun, For aye to be in shady cloister mew'd, To live a barren sister all your life, Chanting faint hymns to the cold fruitless moon. Thrice-blessed they that master so their blood, To undergo such maiden pilgrimage But earthlier happy is the rose distill'd, Than that which withering on the virgin thorn Grows, lives and dies in single blessedness. Her.So will I grow, so live, so die, my lord, Ere I will yield my virgin patent up Unto his lordship, whose unwished yoke My soul consents not to give sovereignty. The.Take time to pause and, by the next new moon-~The sealing-day betwixt my love and me, For everlasting bond of fellowship-~Upon that day either prepare to die For disobedience to your father's will, Or else to wed Demetrius, as he would Or on Diana's altar to protest For aye austerity and single life. Dem.Relent, sweet Hermia and, Lysander, yield, Thy crazed title to my certain right. Lys.You have her father's love, Demetrius Let me have Hermia's do you marry him. Ege.Scornful Lysander! true, he hath my love, And what is mine my love shall render him. And she is mine, and all my right of her I do estate unto Demetrius. Lys.I am, my lord, as well derived as he, As well possess'd my love is more than his My fortunes every way as fairly rank'd, If not with vantage, as Demetrius' And, which is more than all these boasts can be, I am beloved of beauteous Hermia Why should not I then prosecute my right Demetrius, I'll avouch it to his head, Made love to Nedar's daughter, Helena, And won her soul and she, sweet lady, dotes, Devoutly dotes, dotes in idolatry, Upon this spotted and inconstant man. The.I must confess that I have heard so much, And with Demetrius thought to have spoke thereof But, being over-full of self-affairs, My mind did lose it. But, Demetrius, come And come, Egeus you shall go with me, I have some private schooling for you both. For you, fair Hermia, look you arm yourself To fit your fancies to your father's will Or else the law of Athens yields you up-~Which by no means we may extenuate-~To death, or to a vow of single life. Come, my Hippolyta what cheer, my love Demetrius and Egeus, go along I must employ you in some business Against our nuptial and confer with you Of something nearly that concerns yourselves. Ege.With duty and desire we follow  now, my love! why is your cheek so pale How chance the roses there do fade so fast Her.Belike for want of rain, which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes. Lys.Ay me! for aught that  ever read, Could ever hear by tale or history, The course of true love never did run smooth But, either it was different in blood,-~ Her.O cross! too high to be enthrall'd to low. Lys.Or else misgraffed in respect of years,-~ Her.O spite! too old to be engaged to young. Lys.Or else it stood upon the choice of friends,-~ Her.O hell! to choose love by another's eyes. Lys.Or, if there were a sympathy in choice, War, death, or sickness did lay siege to it, Making it momentany as a sound, Swift as a shadow, short as any dream Brief as the lightning in the collied night, That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth, And ere a man hath power to say 'Behold!' The jaws of darkness do devour it up So quick bright things come to confusion. Her.If then true lovers have been ever cross'd, It stands as an edict in destiny Then let us teach our trial patience, Because it is a customary cross, As due to love as thoughts and dreams and sighs, Wishes and tears, poor fancy's followers. Lys.A good persuasion therefore, hear me, Hermia. I have a widow aunt, a dowager Of great revenue, and she hath no child From Athens is her house remote seven leagues And she respects me as her only son, There, gentle Hermia, may I marry thee And to that place the sharp Athenian law Cannot pursue us. If thou lovest me then, Steal forth thy father's house to-morrow night And in the wood, a league without the town, Where I did meet thee once with Helena, To do observance to a morn of May, There will I stay for thee. Her.My good Lysander! I swear to thee, by Cupid's strongest bow, By his best arrow with the golden head, By the simplicity of Venus' doves, By that which knitteth souls and prospers loves, And by that fire which burn'd the Carthage queen, When the false Troyan under sail was seen, By all the vows that ever men have broke, In number more than ever women spoke, In that same place thou hast appointed me, To-morrow truly will I meet with thee. Lys.Keep promise, love. Look, here comes Helena. Enter HELENA. Her.God speed, fair Helena! whither away Hel.Call you me fair that fair again unsay. Demetrius loves your fair O happy fair! Your eyes are lode-stars and your tongue's sweet air More tuneable than lark to shepherd's ear, When wheat is green, when hawthorn buds appear. Sickness is catching O, were favor so, Yours would I catch, fair Hermia, ere I go My ear should catch your voice, my eye your eye, My tongue should catch your tongue's sweet melody. Were the world mine, Demetrius being bated, The rest I'd give to be to you translated. O, teach me how you look, and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius' heart. Her.I frown upon him, yet he loves me still. Hel.O that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill! Her.I give him curses, yet he gives me love. Hel.O that my prayers could such affection move! Her.The more I hate, the more he follows me. Hel.The more I love, the more he hateth me. Her.His folly, Helena, is no fault of mine. Hel.None, but your beauty would that fault were mine! Her.Take comfort he no more shall see my face Lysander and myself will fly this place. Before the time I did Lysander see, Seem'd Athens as a paradise to me O, then, what graces in my love do dwell, That he hath turn'd a heaven unto a hell! Lys.Helen, to you our minds we will unfold To-morrow night, when Phoebe doth behold Her silver visage in the watery glass, Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grass, A time that lovers' flights doth still conceal, Through Athens' gates we have devised to steal. Her.And in the wood, where often you and I Upon faint primrose-beds were wont to lie, Emptying our bosoms of their counsel sweet, There my Lysander and myself shall meet And thence from Athens turn away our eyes, To seek new friends and stranger companies. Farewell, sweet playfellow pray thou for us And good luck grant thee thy Demetrius! Keep word, Lysander we must starve our sight From lovers' food till morrow deep midnight. Lys.I will, my  adieu As you on him, Demetrius dote on  happy some o'er other some can be! Through Athens I am thought as fair as she. But what of that Demetrius thinks not so He will not know what all but he do know And as he errs, doting on Hermia's eyes, So I, admiring of his qualities Things base and vile, holding no quantity, Love can transpose to form and dignity Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind And therefore is wing'd Cupid painted blind Nor hath Love's mind of any judgement taste Wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste And therefore is Love said to be a child, Because in choice he is so oft beguiled. As waggish boys in game themselves forswear, So the boy Love is perjured every where For ere Demetrius look'd on Hermia's eyne, He hail'd down oaths that he was only mine And when this hail some heat from Hermia felt, So he dissolved, and showers of oaths did melt. I will go tell him of fair Hermia's flight Then to the wood will he to-morrow night Pursue her and for this intelligence If I have thanks, it is a dear expense But herein mean I to enrich my pain, To have his sight thither and back again.  all our company here Bot.You were best to call them generally, man by man, according to the scrip. Quin.Here is the scroll of every man's name, which is thought fit, through all Athens, to play in our interlude before the duke and the duchess, on his wedding-day at night. Bot.First, good Peter Quince, say what the play treats on, then read the names of the actors, and so grow to a point. Quin.Marry, our play is, The most lamentable comedy, and most cruel death of Pyramus and Thisby. Bot.A very good piece of work, I assure you, and a merry. Now, good Peter Quince, call forth your actors by the scroll. Masters, spread yourselves. Quin.Answer as I call you. Nick Bottom, the weaver. Bot.Ready. Name what part I am for, and proceed. Quin.You, Nick Bottom, are set down for Pyramus. Bot.What is Pyramus a lover, or a tyrantn.A lover, that kills himself most gal~lant for love. Bot.That will ask some tears in the true performing of it if I do it, let the audience look to their eyes I will move storms, I will condole in some measure. To the rest yet my chief humor is for a tyrant I could play Ercles rarely, or a part to tear a cat in, to make all split. The raging rocks And shivering shocks Shall break the locks Of prison gates And Phibbus' car Shall shine from far And make and mar The foolish Fates. This was lofty! Now name the rest of the players. This is Ercles' vein, a tyrant's vein a lover is more condoling. Quin.Francis Flute, the bellows-mender. Flu.Here, Peter Quince. Quin.Flute, you must take Thisby on you, Flu.What is Thisby a wandering knight Quin.It is the lady that Pyramus must love. Flu.Nay, faith, let me not play a woman I have a beard coming. Quin.That's all one you shall play it in a mask, and you may speak as small as you will. Bot.An I may hide my face, let me play Thisby too, I'll speak in a monstrous little  my lover dear! thy Thisby dear, and lady dear!' Quin.No, no you must play Pyramus and, Flute, you Thisby. Bot.Well, proceed. Quin.Robin Starveling, the tailor. Star.Here, Peter Quince. Quin.Robin Starveling, you must play Thisby's mother. Tom Snout, the tinker. Snout.Here, Peter Quince. Quin.You, Pyramus'father myself, Thisby's father Snug, the joiner you, the lion's part and, I hope, here is a play fitted. Snug.Have you the lion's part written pray you, if it be, give it me, for I am slow of study. Quin.You may do it extempore, for it is nothing but roaring. Bot.Let me play the lion too I will roar, that I will do any man's heart good to hear me I will roar, that I will make the duke say 'Let him roar again, let him roar again.' Quin.An you should do it too terribly, you would fright the duchess and the ladies, that they would shriek and that were enough to hang us all. All.That would hang us, every mother's son. Bot.I grant you, friends, if that you should fright the ladies out of their wits, they would have no more discretion but to hang us but I will aggravate my voice so that I will roar you as gently as any sucking dove I will roar you an 'twere any nightingale. Quin.You can play no part but Pyramus for Pyramus is a sweet-faced man a proper man, as one shall see in a summer's day a most lovely gentleman-like man therefore you must needs play Pyramus. Bot.Well, I will undertake it. What beard were I best to play it in Quin.Why, what you will. Bot.I will discharge it in either your straw-color beard, your orange-tawny beard, your purple-in-grain beard, or your French~crown-color beard, your perfect yellow. Quin.Some of your French crowns have no hair at all, and then you will play bare~faced. But, masters, here are your parts and I am to entreat you, request you and desire you, to con them by to-morrow night and meet me in the palace wood, a mile without the town, by moonlight there will we rehearse, for if we meet in the city, we shall be dogged with company, and our devices known. In the meantime I will draw a bill of properties, such as our play wants. I pray you, fail me not. Bot.We will meet and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously. Take pains be perfect adieu. Quin.At the duke's oak we meet. Bot.Enough hold or cut bow-strings.  now, spirit! whither wander you Fai.Over hill, over dale, Thorough bush, thorough brier, Over park, over pale, Thorough flood, thorough fire, I do wander every where, Swifter than the moon's sphere And I serve the fairy queen, To dew her orbs upon the green. The cowslips tall her pensioners be In their gold coats spots you see Those be rubies, fairy favors, In those freckles live their savors I must go seek some dewdrops here And hang a pearl in every cowslip's ear. Farewell, thou lob of spirits I'll be gone Our queen and all our elves come here anon. Puck.The king doth keep his revels here to-night Take heed the queen come not within his sight For Oberon is passing fell and wrath, Because that she as her attendant  lovely boy, stolen from an Indian king She never had so sweet a changeling And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train, to trace the forests wild But she perforce withholds the loved boy, Crowns him with flowers and makes him all her joy And now they never meet in grove or green, By fountain clear, or spangled starlight sheen, But they do square, that all their elves for fear Creep into acorn-cups and hide them there. Fai.Either I mistake your shape and making quite, Or else you are that shrewd and knavish sprite Call'd Robin Goodfellow are not you he That frights the maidens of the viilagery Skim milk, and sometimes labor in the quern And bootless make the breathless housewife churn And sometime make the drink to bear no barm Mislead night-wanderers, laughing at their harm Those that Hobgoblin call you and sweet Puck, You do their work, and they shall have good luck Are not you he Puck.Thou speak'st aright I am that merry wanderer of the night. I jest to Oberon and make him smile When I a fat and bean-fed horse beguile, Neighing in likeness of a filly foal And sometime lurk I in a gossip's bowl, In very likeness of a roasted crab, And when she drinks, against her lips I bob And on her wither'd dewlap pour the ale. The wisest aunt, telling the saddest tale, Sometime for three-foot stool mistaketh me Then slip I from her bum, down topples she, And 'tailor' cries, and falls into a cough And then the whole quire hold their hips and laugh, And waxen in their mirth and neeze and swear A merrier hour was never wasted there. But, room, fairy! here comes Oberon. Fai.And here my mistress. Would that he were gone!  his  Obe.Ill met by moonlight, proud Titania. Tita.What, jealous Oberon! Fairies, skip hence I have forsworn his bed and company. Obe.Tarry, rash wanton am not I thy lord Tita.Then I must be thy lady but I know When thou hast stolen away from fairy land, And in the shape of Corin sat all day, Playing on pipes of corn and versing love To amorous Phillida. Why art thou here, Come from the farthest steppe of India But that, forsooth, the bouncing Amazon, Your buskin'd mistress and your warrior love, To Theseus must be wedded, and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity. Obe.How canst thou thus for shame, Titania, Glance at my credit with Hippolyta, Knowing I know thy love to Theseus Didst thou not lead him through the glimmering night From Perigenia, whom he ravished And make him with fair AEgle break his faith, With Ariadne and Antiopa Tita.These are the forgeries of jealousy And never, since the middle summer's spring, Met we on hill, in dale, forest or mead, By paved fountain or by rushy brook, Or in the beached margent of the sea, To dance our ringlets to the whistling wind, But with thy brawls thou hast disturb'd our sport. Therefore the winds, piping to us in vain, As in revenge, have suck'd up from the sea Contagious fogs which falling in the land Have every pelting river made so proud That they have overborne their continents The ox hath therefore stretch'd his yoke in vain, The ploughman lost his sweat, and the green corn Hath rotted ere his youth attain'd a beard The fold stands empty in the drowned field, And crows are fatted with the murrion flock The nine men's morris is fill'd up with mud, And the quaint mazes in the wanton green For lack of tread are undistinguishable The human mortals want their winter here No night is now with hymn or carol blest Therefore the moon, the governess of floods, Pale in her anger, washes all the air, That rheumatic diseases do abound And thorough this distemperature we see The seasons alter hoary-headed frosts Fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose, And on old Hiems' thin and icy crown An odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds Is, as in mockery, set the spring, the summer, The childing autumn, angry winter, change Their wonted liveries, and the mazed world, By their increase, now knows not which is which And this same progeny of evils comes From our debate, from our dissension We are their parents and original. Obe.Do you amend it then it lies in you Why should Titania cross her Oberon I do but beg a little changeling boy, To be my henchman. Tita.Set your heart at rest The fairy land buys not the child of me. His mother was a votaress of my order And, in the spiced Indian air, by night, Full often hath she gossip'd by my side, And sat with me on Neptune's yellow sands, Marking the embarked traders on the flood, When we have laugh'd to see the sails conceive And grow big-bellied with the wanton wind Which she, with pretty and with swimming gait Following,-her womb then rich with my young squire,-~Would imitate, and sail upon the land, To fetch me trifles, and return again, As from a voyage, rich with merchandise. But she, being mortal, of that boy did die And for her sake do I rear up her boy, And for her sake I will not part with him. Obe.How long within this wood intend you stay Tita.Perchance till after Theseus' wedding-day. If you will patiently dance in our round And see our moonlight revels, go with us If not, shun me, and I will spare your haunts. Obe.Give me that boy, and I will go with thee. Tita.Not  fairy kingdom. Fairies, away! We shall chide downright, if I longer stay.  train. Obe.Well, go thy way thou shalt not from this grove Till I torment thee for this injury. My gentle Puck, come hither. Thou remembrest Since once I sat upon a promontory, And heard a mermaid on a dolphin's back Uttering such dulcet and harmonious breath That the rude sea grew civil at her song And certain stars shot madly from their spheres, To hear the sea-maid's music. Puck.I remember. Obe.That very time I saw, but thou couldst not, Flying between the cold moon and the earth, Cupid all arm'd a certain aim he took At a fair vestal throned by the west, And loosed his love-shaft smartly from his bow, As it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts But I might see young Cupid's fiery shaft Quench'd in the chaste beams of the watery moon, And the imperial votaress passed on, In maiden meditation, fancy-free. Yet mark'd I where the bolt of Cupid fell It fell upon a little western flower, Before milk-white, now purple with love's wound, And maidens call it love-in-idleness. Fetch me that flower the herb I shew'd thee once The juice of it on sleeping eye-lids laid Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees. Fetch me this herb and be thou here again Ere the leviathan can swim a league. Puck.I'll put a girdle round about the earth In forty minutes. Exit. Obe.Having once this juice, I'll watch Titania when she is asleep, And drop the liquor of it in her eyes. The next thing then she waking looks upon, Be it on lion, bear, or wolf, or bull, On meddling monkey, or on busy ape, She shall pursue it with the soul of love And ere I take this charm from off her sight, As I can take it with another herb, I'll make her render up her page to me. But who comes here I am invisible And I will overhear their conference. Enter  Dem.I love thee not, therefore pursue me not. Where is Lysander and fair Hermia The one I'll slay, the other slayeth me. Thou told'st me they were stolen unto this wood And here am I, and wode within this wood, Because I cannot meet my Hermia. Hence, get thee gone, and follow me no more. Hel.You draw me, you hard-hearted adamant But yet you draw not iron, for my heart Is true as steel leave you your power to draw, And I shall have no power to follow you. Dem.Do I entice you do I speak you fair Or, rather, do I not in plainest truth Tell you, I do not, nor I cannot love you Hel.And even for that do I love you the more. I am your spaniel and, Demetrius, The more you beat me, I will fawn on you Use me but as your spaniel, spurn me, strike me, Neglect me, lose me only give me leave, Unworthy as I am, to follow you. What worser place can I beg in your love,-~And yet a place of high respect with me,-~Than to be used as you use your dog Dem.Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit For I am sick when I do look on thee. Hel.And I am sick when I look not on you. Dem.You do impeach your modesty too much, To leave the city and commit yourself Into the hands of one that loves you not To trust the opportunity of night And the ill counsel of a desert place With the rich worth of your virginity. Hel.Your virtue is my privilege for that It is not night when I do see your face, Therefore I think I am not in the night Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company, For you in my respect are all the world Then how can it be said I am alone, When all the world is here to look on me Dem.I'll run from thee and hide me in the brakes, And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts. Hel.The wildest hath not such a heart as you. Run when you will, the story shall be changed Apollo flies, and Daphne holds the chase The dove pursues the griffin the mild hind Makes speed to catch the tiger bootless speed, When cowardice pursues and valor flies. Dem.I will not stay thy questions let me go Or, if thou follow me, do not believe But I shall do thee mischief in the wood. Hel.Ay, in the temple, in the town, the field, You do me mischief. Fie, Demetrius! Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex We cannot fight for love, as men may do We should be woo'd and were not made to woo. I'll follow thee and make a heaven of hell, To die upon the hand I love so  thee well, nymph ere he do leave this grove, Thou shalt fly him and he shall seek thy love. Re-enter PUCK. Hast thou the flower there Welcome, wanderer. Puck.Ay, there it is. Obe.I pray thee, give it me. I know a bank where the wild thyme blows, Where oxlips and the nodding violet grows, Quite over-canopied with luscious woodbine, With sweet musk-roses and with eglantine There sleeps Titania sometime of the night, Lull'd in these flowers with dances and delight And there the snake throws her enamell'd skin, Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in And with the juice of this I'll streak her eyes, And make her full of hateful fantasies. Take thou some of it, and seek through this grove A sweet Athenian lady is in love With a disdainful youth anoint his eyes But do it when the next thing he espies May be the lady thou shalt know the man By the Athenian garments he hath on. Effect it with some care, that he may prove More fond on her than she upon her love And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow. Puck.Fear not, my lord, you servant shall do so.  now a roundel and a fairy song Then, for the third part of a minute, hence Some to kill cankers in the musk-rose buds, Some war with rere-mice for their leathern wings, To make my small elves coats, and some keep back The clamorous owl that nightly hoots and wonders At our quaint spirits. Sing me now asleep Then to your offices and let me  spotted snakes  hedgehogs, be not seen Newts and blind-worms, do no wrong, Come not near  with melody Sing in our sweet lullaby Lulla, lulla, lulla, lullaby Never harm, Nor spell nor charm, Come our lovely lady nigh So, good night, with lullaby.  spiders, conme not here Hence,  Beetles black,  Worm nor snail, do no offence. Philomel, with melody, c. Fai.Hence, away! now all is well One aloof stand sentinel.  Do it for thy true-love take, Love and languish for his sake Be it ounce, or cat, or bear, Pard, or boar with bristled hair, In thy eye that shall appear When thou wakest, it is thy dear Wake when some vile thing is near. Exit.  Lys.Fair love, you faint with wandering is the wood And to speak troth, I have forgot our way We'll rest us, Hermia, if you think it good, And tarry for the comfort of the day.  it so, Lysander find you out a bed For I upon this bank will rest my head. Lys.One turf shall serve as pillow for us both One heart, one bed, two bosoms and one troth. Her.Nay, good Lysander for my sake, my dear, Lie further off yet, do not lie so near. Lys.O, take the sense, sweet, of my innocence! Love takes the meaning in love's conference. I mean, that my heart unto yours is knit So that but one heart we can make of it Two bosoms interchained with an oath So then two bosoms and a single troth. Then by your side no bed-room me deny For lying so, Hermia, I do not lie. Her.Lysander riddles very prettily Now much beshrew my manners and my pride, If Hermia meant to say Lysander lied. But, gentle friend, for love and courtesy Lie further off in human modesty, Such separation as may well be said Becomes a virtuous bachelor and a maid, So far be distant and, good night, sweet friend Thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end! Lys.Amen, amen, to that fair prayer, say I And then end life when I end loyalty! Here is my bed sleep give thee all his rest! Her.With half that wish the wisher's eyes be press'd! They  have I gone, But Athenian found I none, On whose eyes I might approve This flower's force in stirring love. Night and silence.-Who is here Weeds of Athens he doth wear This is he, my master said, Despised the Athenian maid And here the maiden, sleeping sound, On the dank and dirty ground. Pretty soul! she durst not lie Near this lack-love, this kill-courtesy. Churl, upon thy eyes I throw All the power this charm doth owe. When thou wakest, let love forbid Sleep his seat on thy eyelid So awake when I am gone For I must now to Oberon. Exit.   Hel.Stay, though thou kill me, sweet Demetrius. Dem.I charge thee, hence, and do not haunt me thus. Hel.O, wilt thou darkling leave me do not so. Dem.Stay, on thy peril I alone will go.  I am out of breath in this fond chase! The more my prayer, the lesser is my grace. Happy is Hermia, wheresoe'er she lies For she hath blesssed and attractive eyes. How came her eyes so bright Not with salt tears If so, my eyes are oftener wash'd than hers. No, no, I am as ugly as a bear For beasts that meet me run away for fear Therefore no marvel though Demetrius Do, as a monster, fly my presence thus. What wicked and dissembling glass of mine Made me compare with Hermia's sphery eyne But who is here Lysander! on the ground! Dead or asleep I see no blood, no wound. Lysander, if you live, good sir, awake. Lys. Awaking And run through fire I will for thy sweet sake. Transparent Helena! Nature shows art, That through thy bosom makes me see thy heart. Where is Demetrius O, how fit a word Is that vile name to perish on my sword! Hel.Do not say so, Lysander say not so What though he love your Hermia Lord, what though Yet Hermia still loves you then be content. Lys.Content with Hermia! No I do repent The tedious minutes I with her have spent. Not Hermia but Helena I love Who will not change a raven for a dove The will of man is by his reason sway'd And reason says you are the worthier maid. Things growing are not ripe until their season So I, being young, till now ripe not to reason And touching now the point of human skill, Reason becomes the marshal to my will And leads me to your eyes, where I o'erlook Love's stories written in love's richest book. Hel.Wherefore was I to this keen mockery born When at your hands did I deserve this scorn Is't not enough, is't not enough, young man, That I did never, no, nor never can, Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius' eye, But you must flout my insufficiency Good troth, you do me wrong, good sooth, you do, In such disdainful manner me to woo. But fare you well perforce I must confess I thought you lord of more true gentleness. O, that a lady, of one man refused, Should of another therefore be abused! Exit. Lys.She sees not Hermia. Hermia, sleep thou there And never mayst thou come Lysander near! For as a surfeit of the sweetest things The deepest loathing to the stomach brings, Or as the heresies that men do leave Are hated most of those they did deceive, So thou, my surfeit and my heresy, Of all be hated, but the most of me! And, all my powers, address your love and might To honor Helen and to be her knight!  me, Lysander, help me! do thy best To pluck this crawling serpent from my breast! Ay me, for pity! what a dream was here! Lysander, look how I do quake with fear Methought a serpent eat my heart away, And you sat smiling at his cruel prey. Lysander! what, removed Lysander! lord! What, out of hearing gone no sound, no word Alack, where are you speak, an if you hear Speak, of all loves! I swoon almost with fear. No then I well perceive you are not nigh Either death or you I'll find immediately.  we all met Quin.Pat, pat and here's a marvellous convenient place for our rehearsal. This green plot shall be our stage, this hawthorn-brake our tiring-house and we will do it in action as we will do it before the duke. Bot.Peter Quince,-~ Quin.What sayest thou, bully Bottom Bot.There are things in this comedy of  that will never please. First, Pyramus must draw a sword to kill him~self which the ladies cannot abide. How answer you that Snout.By'r lakin, a parlous fear. Star.I believe we must leave the killing out, when all is done. Bot.Not a whit I have a device to make all well. Write me a prologue and let the prologue seem to say, we will do no harm with our swords and that Pyramus is not killed indeed and, for the more better assurance, tell tell that I, Pyramus, am not Pyramus, but Bottom the weaver this will put them out of fear. Quin.Well, we will have such a prologue and it shall be written in eight and six. Bot.No, make it two more let it be writ~ten in eight and eight. Snout.Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion Star.I fear it, I promise you. Bot.Masters, you ought to consider with yourselves to bring in-God shield us!-a lion among ladies is a most dreadful thing for there is not a more fearful wild-fowl than your lion living and we ought to look to 't. Snout.Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion. Bot.Nay, you must name his name, and half his face must be seen through the lion's neck and he himself must speak through, saying thus, or to the same defect,-'Ladies,' -or 'Fair ladies,-I would wish you,'-or 'I would request you,'-or 'I would entreat you, -not to fear, not to tremble my life for yours. If you think I come hither as a lion, it were pity of my life no, I am no such thing I am a man as other men are ' and there in~deed let him name his name, and tell them plainly he is Snug the joiner. Quin.Well, it shall be so. But there is two hard things that is, to bring the moonlight into a chamber for, you know, Pyramus and Thisby meet by moonlight. Snout.Doth the moon shine that night we play our play Bot.A calendar, a calendar! look in the almanac find out moonshine, find out moon~shine. Quin.Yes, it doth shine that night. Bot.Why, then may you leave a casement of the great chamber window, where we play, open, and the moon may shine in at the casement. Quin.Ay or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lanthorn, and say he comes to disfigure, or to present, the person of Moonshine. Then, there is another thing we must have a wall in the great chamber for Pyramus and Thisby, says the story, did talk through the chink of a wall. Snout.You can never bring in a wall. What say you, Bottom Bot.Some man or other must present Wall and let him have some plaster, or some loam, or some rough-cast about him, to signify wall and let him hold his fingers thus, and through that cranny shall Pyramus and Thisby whisper. Quin.If that may be, then all is well. Come, sit down, every mother's son, and re~hearse your parts. Pyramus, you begin when you have spoken your speech, enter into that brake and so every one according to his cue. Enter PUCK behind. Puck.What hempen home-spuns have we swaggering here, So near the cradle of the fairy queen What, a play toward! I'll be an auditor An actor too, perhaps, if I see cause. Quin.Speak, Pyramus. Thisby, stand forth.  flowers of odious   sweet So hath thy breath, my dearest Thisby dear. But hark, a voice! stay thou but here awhile, And by and by I will to thee appear.  stranger Pyramus than e'er played  I speak now Quin.Ay, marry, must you for you must understand he goes but to see a noise that he heard, and is to come again. Flu.Most radiant Pyramus, most Of color like the red rose  at  tomb,' man why, you must not speak that yet that you answer to Pyramus you speak all your part at once, cues and all. Pyramus enter your cue is past it is,  follow you, I'll lead you about a round, Through bog, through bush, through brake, through brier Sometime a horse I'll be, sometime a hound, A hog, a headless bear, sometime a fire And neigh, and bark, and grunt, and roar, and burn, Like horse, hound, hog, bear, fire, at every turn. Exit. Bot.Why do they run away this is a knavery of them to make me afeard. Re-enter  Bottom, thou art changed! what do I see on thee Bot.What do you see you see an ass~head of your own,  QUINCE. Quin.Bless thee, Bottom! bless thee! thou art translated. Exit. Bot.I see their knavery this is to make an ass of me to fright me, if they could. But I will not stir from this place, do what they can I will walk up and down here, and I will sing, that they shall hear I am not afraid.  Whose note full many a man doth mark, And dares  indeed, who would set his wit to so foolish a bird who would give a bird the lie, though he cry 'cuckoo' never so Tita.I pray thee, gentle mortal, sing again Mine ear is much enamour'd of thy note So is mine eye enthralled to thy shape And thy fair virtue's force perforce doth move me On the first view to say, to swear, I love thee. Bot.Methinks, mistress, you should have little reason for that and yet, to say the truth, reason and love keep little company to~gether now-a-days the more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends. Nay, I can gleek upon occasion. Tita.Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful. Bot.Not so, neither but if I had wit enough to get out of this wood, I have enough to serve mine own turn. Tita.Out of this wood do not desire to go Thou shalt remain here, whether thou wilt or no. I am a spirit of no common rate The summer still doth tend upon my state And I do love thee therefore, go with me I'll give thee fairies to attend on thee, And they shall fetch thee jewels from the deep. And sing while thou on pressed flowers dost sleep And I will purge thy mortal grossness so That thou shalt like an airy spirit go. Peaseblossom! Cobweb! Moth! and  shall we go Tita.Be kind and courteous to this gentleman Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes Feed him with apricocks and dewberries, With purple grapes, green figs and mulberries The honey-bags steal from the humble-bees, And for night-tapers crop their waxen thighs And light them at the fiery glow-worm's eyes, To have my love to bed and to arise And pluck the wings from painted butterflies To fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes Nod to him, elves, and do him courtesies. Peas.Hail, mortall  Bot.I cry your worship's mercy, heartily I beeseech your worship's name. Cob.Cobweb. Bot.I shall desire you of more acquaint~ance, good Master Cobweb if I cut my finger, I shall make bold with you. Your name, honest gentleman Peas.Peaseblossom. Bot.I pray you, commend me to Mistress Squash,  and to Master Peascod, your father. Good Master Peaseblossom, I shall desire you of more acquaintance too. Your name, I beseech you, sir Mus.Mustardseed. Bot.Good Master Mustardseed, I know your patience well that same cowardly, giant~like ox-beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your house I promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now. I desire your more acquaintance, good Master Mus~tardseed. Tita.Come, wait upon him lead him to my bower. The moon methinks looks with a watery eye And when she weeps, weeps every little flower, Lamenting some enforced chastity. Tie up my love's tongue, bring him silently.  OBERON. Obe.I wonder if Titania be awaked Then, what it was that next came in her eye, Which she must dote on in extremity. Enter PUCK. Here comes my messenger. How now, mad spirit! What night-rule now about this haunted grove Puck.My mistress with a monster is in love. Near to her close and consecrated bower, While she was in her dull and sleeping hour, A crew of patches, rude mechanicals, That work for bread upon Athenian stalls, Were met together to rehearse a play Intended for great Theseus' nuptial-day. The shallowest thick-skin of that barren sort, Who Pyramus presented, in their sport Forsook his scene and enter'd in a brake When I did him at this advantage take, An ass's nole I fixed on his head Anon his Thisbe must be answered, And forth my mimic comes. When they him spy, As wild geese that the creeping fowler eye, Or russet-pated choughs, many in sort, Rising and cawing at the gun's report, Sever themselves and madly sweep the sky, So, at his sight, away his fellows fly And, at our stamp, here o'er and o'er one falls He murder cries and help from Athens calls. Their sense thus weak, lost with their fears thus strong, Made senseless things begin to do them wrong For briers and thorns at their apparel snatch Some sleeves, some hats, from yielders all things catch. I led them on in this distracted fear, And left sweet Pyramus translated there When in that moment, so it came to pass, Titania waked and straightway loved an ass. Obe.This falls out better than I could devise. But hast thou yet latch'd the Athenian's eyes With the love-juice, as I did bid thee do Puck.I took him sleeping,-that is finish'd too,-~And the Athenian woman by his side That, when he waked, of force she must be eyed. Enter  close this is the same Athenian. Puck.This is the woman, but not this the man. Dem.O, why rebuke you him that loves you so Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe. Her.Now I but chide but I should use thee worse, For thou, I fear, hast given me cause to curse, If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep, Being o'er shoes in blood, plunge in the deep, And kill me too. The sun was not so true unto the day As he to me would he have stolen away From sleeping Hermia I'll believe as soon This whole earth may be bored and that the moon May through the centre creep and so displease Her brother's noontide with the Antipodes. It cannot be but thou hast murder'd him So should a murderer look, so dead, so grim. Dem.So should the murder'd look, and so should I, Pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty Yet you, the murderer, look as bright, as clear, As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere. Her.What's this to my Lysander where is he Ah, good Demetrius, wilt thou give him me Dem.I had rather give his carcass to my hounds. Her.Out, dog! out, cur! thou drivest me past the bounds Of maiden's patience. Hast thou slain him, then Henceforth be never number'd among men! O, once tell true, tell true, even for my sake! Durst thou have look'd upon him being awake, And hast thou kill'd him sleeping O brave touch! Could not a worm, an adder, do so much An adder did it for with doubler tongue Than thine, thou serpent, never adder stung. Dem.You spend your passion on a misprised mood I am not guilty of Lysander's blood Nor is he dead, for aught that I can tell. Her.I pray thee, tell me then that he is well. Dem.An if I could, what should I get therefore Her.A privilege never to see me more. And from thy hated presence part I so See me no more, whether he be dead or no. Exit. Dem.There is no following her in this fierce vein Here therefore for a while I will remain. So sorrow's heaviness doth heavier grow For debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe Which now in some slight measure it will pay, If for his tender here I make some stay. Lies  hast thou done thou hast mistaken quite And laid the love-juice on some true-love's sight Of thy misprision must perforce ensue Some true love turn'd and not a false turn'd true. Puck.Then fate o'er-rules, that, one man holding troth, A million fail, confounding oath on oath. Obe.About the wood go swifter than the wind, And Helena of Athens look thou find All fancy-sick she is and pale of cheer, With sighs of love, that costs the fresh blood dear By some illusion see thou bring her here I'll charm his eyes against she do appear. Puck.I go, I go look how I go, Swifter than arrow from the Tartar's bow. Exit. Obe. Flower of this purple dye, Hit with Cupid's archery, Sink in apple of his eye. When his love he doth espy, Let her shine as gloriously As the Venus of the sky. When thou wakest, if she be by, Beg of her for remedy. Re-enter PUCK. Puck. Captain of our fairy band, Helena is here at hand And the youth, mistook by me, Pleading for a lover's fee. Shall we their fond pageant see Lord, what fools these mortals be! Obe. Stand aside the noise they make Will cause Demetrius to awake. Puck. Then will two at once woo one That must needs be sport alone And those things do best please me That befall preposterously. Enter Lysander and Helena. Lys.Why should you think that I should woo in scorn Scorn and derision never come in tears Look, when I vow, I weep and vows so born, In their nativity all truth appears. How can these things in me seem scorn to you, Bearing the badge of faith, to prove them true Hel.You do advance your cunning more and more. When truth kills truth, O devilish holy fray! These vows are Hermia's will you give her o'er Weigh oath with oath, and you will nothing weigh Your vows to her and me, put in two scales, Will even weigh, and both as light as tales. Lys.I had no judgement when to her I swore. Hel.Nor none, in my mind, now you give her o'er. Lys.Demetrius loves her, and he loves not you.  Helen, goddess, nymph, perfect, divine! To what, my love, shall I compare thine eye Crystal is muddy. O, how ripe in show Thy lips, those kissing cherries, tempting grow! That pure congealed white, high Taurus snow, Fann'd with the eastern wind, turns to a crow When thou hold'st up thy hand O, let me kiss This princess of pure white, this seal of bliss!  O hell! I see you all are bent To set against me for your merriment If you were civil and knew courtesy, You would not do me thus much injury. Can you not hate me, as I know you do, But you must join in souls to mock me too If you were men, as men you are in show, You would not use a gentle lady so To vow and swear and superpraise my parts, When I am sure you hate me with your hearts. You both are rivals, and love Hermia And now both rivals, to mock Helena A trim exploit, a manly enterprise, To conjure tears up in a poor maid's eyes With your derision! none of noble sort Would so offend a virgin, and extort A poor soul's patience, all to make you sport. Lys.You are unkind, Demetrius be not so For you love Hermia this you know I know And here, with all good will, with all my heart, In Hermia's love I yield you up my part And yours of Helena to me bequeath, Whom I do love and will do till my death. Hel.Never did mockers waste more idle breath. Dem.Lysander, keep thy Hermia I will none If e'er I loved her, all that love is gone. My heart to her but as guest-wise sojourn'd, And now to Helen is it home return'd, There to remain. Lys.Helen, it is not so. Dem.Disparage not the faith thou dost not know, Lest, to thy peril, thou aby it dear. Look, where thy love comes yonder is thy dear.  Her.Dark night, that from the eye his function takes, The ear more quick of apprehension makes Wherein it doth impair the seeing sense, It pays the hearing double recompense. Thou art not by mine eye, Lysander, found Mine ear, I thank it, brought me to thy sound But why unkindly didst thou leave me so Lys.Why should he stay, whom love doth press to go Her.What love could press Lysander from my side Lys.Lysander's love, that would not let him bide, Fair Helena, who more engilds the night Than all you fiery oes and eyes of light. Why seek'st thou me could not this make thee know, The hate I bear thee made me leave thee so Her.You speak not as you think it cannot be. Hel.Lo, she is one of this confederacy! Now I perceive they have conjoin'd all three To fashion this false sport, in spite of me. Injurious Hermia! most ungrateful maid! Have you conspired, have you with these contrived To bait me with this foul derision Is all the counsel that we two have shared, The sisters' vows, the hours that we have spent, When we have chid the hasty-footed time For parting us,-O, is it all forgot All school-days' friendship, childhood innocencece We, Hermia, like two artificial gods, Have with our needles created both one flower, Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion, Both warbling of one song, both in one key, As if our hands, our sides, voices and minds, Had been incorporate. So we grew together, Like to a double cherry, seeming parted, But yet an union in partition Two lovely berries moulded on one stem So, with two seeming bodies, but one heart Two of the first, like coats in heraldry, Due but to one and crowned with one crest. And will you rent our ancient love asunder, To join with men in scorning your poor friend It is not friendly, 'tis not maidenly Our sex, as well as I, may chide you for it, Though I alone do feel the injury. Her.I am amazed at your passionate words. I scorn you not it seems that you scorn me. Hel.Have you not set Lysander, as in scorn, To follow me and praise my eyes and face And made your other love, Demetrius, Who even but now did spurn me with his foot, To call me goddess, nymph, divine and rare, Precious, celestial Wherefore speaks he this To her he hates and wherefore doth Lysander Deny your love, so rich within his soul, And tender me, forsooth, affection, But by your setting on, by your consent What though I be not so in grace as you, So hung upon with love, so fortunate, But miserable most, to love unloved This you should pity rather than despise. Her.I understand not what you mean by this. Hel.Ay, do, persever, counterfeit sad looks, Make mouths upon me when I turn my back Wink each at other hold the sweet jest up This sport, well carried, shall be chronicled. If you have any pity, grace, or manners, You would not make me such an argument. But fare ye well 'tis partly my own fault Which death or absence soon shall remedy. Lys.Stay, gentle Helena hear my excuse My love, my life, my soul, fair Helena! Hel.O excellent! Her.Sweet, do not scorn her so. Dem.If she cannot entreat, I can compel. Lys.Thou canst compel no more than she entreat Thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers. Helen, I love thee by my life, I do I swear by that which I will lose for thee, To prove him false that says I love thee not. Dem.I say I love thee more than he can do. Lys.If thou say so, withdraw, and prove it too. Dem.Quick, come! Her.Lysander, whereto tends all this Lys.Away, you Ethiope! Dem.No, no,  Seem to break loose take on as you would follow, But yet come not you are a tame man, go! Lys.Hang off, thou cat, thou burr! vile thing, let loose, Or I will shake thee from me like a serpent! Her.Why are you grown so rude what change is this Sweet love,-~  love! out, tawny Tartar, out! Out, loathed medicine! hated potion, hence! Her.Do you not jest Hel.Yes, sooth and so do you. Lys.Demetrius, I will keep my word with thee. Dem.I would I had your bond, for I perceive A weak bond holds you I'll not trust your word. Lys.What, should I hurt her, strike her, kill her dead Although I hate her, I'll not harm her so. Her.What, can you do me greater harm than hate Hate me! wherefore O me! what news, my love! Am not I Hermia are not you Lysander I am as fair now as I was erewhile. Since night you loved me yet since night you left me Why, then you left me-O, the gods forbid!-~In earnest, shall I say Lys.Ay, by my life And never did desire to see thee more. Therefore be out of hope, of question, of doubt Be certain, nothing truer 'tis no jest That I do hate thee and love Helena. Her.O me! you juggler! you cankerblossom! You thief of love! what, have you come by night And stolen my love's heart from him Hel.Fine, i'faith! Have you no modesty, no maiden shame, No touch of bashfulness What, will you tear Impatient answers from my gentle tongue Fie, fie! you counterfeit, you puppet, you! Her.Puppet why so ay, that way goes the game. Now I perceive that she hath made compare Between our statures she hath urged her height And with her personage, her tall personage, Her height, forsooth, she hath prevail'd with him. And are you grown so high in his esteem Because I am so dwarfish and so low How low am I, thou painted Maypole speak How low am I I am not yet so low But that my nails can reach unto thine eyes. Hel.I pray you, though you mock me, gentlemen, Let her not hurt me I was never curst I have no gift at all in shrewishness I am a right maid for my cowardice Let her not strike me. You perhaps may think, Because she is something lower than myself, That I can match her. Her.Lower! hark, again. Hel.Good Hermia, do not be so bitter with me. I evermore did love you, Hermia, Did ever keep your counsels, never wrong'd you Save that, in love unto Demetrius, I told him of your stealth unto this wood. He follow'd you for love I follow'd him But he hath chid me hence and threaten'd me To strike me, spurn me, nay, to kill me too And now, so you will let me quiet go, To Athens will I bear my folly back And follow you no further let me go You see how simple and how fond I am. Her.Why, get you gone who is't that hinders you Hel.A foolish heart, that I leave here behind. Her.What, with Lysander Hel.With Demetrius. Lys.Be not afraid she shall not harm thee, Helena. Dem.No, sir, she shall not, though you take her part. Hel.O, when she's angry, she is keen and shrewd! She was a vixen when she went to school And though she be but little, she is fierce. Her.'Little' again! nothing but 'low' and 'little'! Why will you suffer her to flout me thus Let me come to her. Lys.Get you gone, you dwarf You minimus, of hindering knot-grass made You bead, you acorn. Dem.You are too officious In her behalf that scorns your services. Let her alone speak not of Helena Take not her part for, if thou dost intend Never so little show of love to her, Thou shalt aby it. Lys.Now she holds me not Now follow, if thou darest, to try whose right, Of thine or mine, is most in Helena. Dem.Follow! nay, I'll go with thee, cheek by jole. Exeunt Lysander  mistress, all this coil is 'long of you Nay, go not back. Hel.I will not trust you, I, Nor longer stay in your curst company. Your hands than mine are quicker for a fray, My legs are longer though, to run away. Exit. Her.I am amazed, and know not what to  is thy negligence still thou mistakest, Or else committ'st thy knaveries wilfully. Puck.Believe me, king of shadows, I mistook. Did not you tell me I should know the man By the Athenian garment he had on And so far blameless proves my enterprise, That I have 'nointed an Athenian's eyes And so far am I glad it so did sort As this their jangling I esteem a sport. Obe.Thou see'st these lovers seek a place to fight Hie therefore, Robin, overcast the night The starry welkin cover thou anon With drooping fog as black as Acheron, And lead these testy rivals so astray As one come not within another's way. Like to Lysander sometime frame thy tongue, Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong And sometime rail thou like Demetrius And from each other look thou lead them thus, Till o'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleep With leaden legs and batty wings doth creep. Then crush this herb into Lysander's eye Whose liquor hath this virtuous property, To take from thence all error with his might, And make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight. When they next wake, all this derision Shall seem a dream and fruitless vision, And back to Athens shall the lovers wend, With league whose date till death shall never end. Whiles I in this affair do thee employ, I'll to my queen and beg her Indian boy And then I will her charmed eye release From monster's view, and all things shall be peace. Puck.My fairy lord, this must be done with haste, For night's swift dragons cut the clouds full fast, And yonder shines Aurora's harbinger At whose approach, ghosts, wandering here and there, Troop home to churchyards damned spirits all, That in crossways and floods have burial, Already to their wormy beds are gone For fear lest day should look their shames upon, They wilfully themselves exile from light And must for aye consort with black-brow'd night. Obe.But we are spirits of another sort I with the morning's love have oft made sport, And, like a forester, the groves may tread, Even till the eastern gate, all fiery red, Opening on Neptune with fair blessed beams, Turns into yellow gold his salt green streams. But, notwithstanding, haste make no delay We may effect this business yet ere  and down, up and down, I will lead them up and down I am fear'd in field and town Goblin, lead them up and down. Here comes one.  Lys.Where art thou, proud Demetrius speak thou now. Puck.Here, villain drawn and ready. Where art thou Lys.I will be with thee straight. Puck.Follow me, then, To plainer ground. Exit Lysander, voice.  speak again Thou runaway, thou coward, art thou fled Speak! In some bush Where dost thou hide thy head Puck.Thou coward, art thou bragging to the stars, Telling the bushes that thou look'st for wars, And wilt not come Come, recreant come, thou child I'll whip thee with a rod he is defiled That draws a sword on thee. Dem.Yea, art thou there Puck.Follow my voice we'll try no manhood here. Exeunt. Re-enter LYSANDER. Lys.He goes before me and still dares me on When I come where he calls, then he is gone. The villain is much lighter-heel'd than I I follow'd fast, but faster he did fly That fallen am I in dark uneven way, And here will rest  Come, thou gentle day! For if but once thou show me thy grey light, I'll find Demetrius and revenge this spite. Sleeps. Re-enter PUCK  ho, ho! Coward, why comest thou not Dem.Abide me, if thou darest for well I wot Thou runn'st before me, shifting every place, And darest not stand, nor look me in the face. Where art thou  hither I am here. Dem.Nay, then, thou mock'st me. Thou shalt buy this dear, If ever I thy face by daylight see Now, go thy way. Faintness constraineth me To measure out my length on this cold bed. By day's approach look to be visited. Lies down and sleeps.  Hel.O weary night, O long and tedious night, Abate thy hours! Shine comforts from the east, That I may back to Athens by daylight, From these that my poor company detest And sleep, that sometimes shuts up sorrow's eye, Steal me awhile from mine own  but three Come one more Two of both kinds makes up four. Here she comes, curst and sad Cupid is a knavish lad, Thus to make poor females mad.  Her.Never so weary, never so in woe, Bedabbled with the dew and torn with briers, I can no further crawl, no further go My legs can keep no pace with my desires. Here will I rest me till the break of day. Heavens shield Lysander, if they mean a fray! Lies  the ground  thy former lady's eye And the country proverb known, That every man should take his own, In your waking shall be shown Jack shall have  the juice  When thou wakest, Thou takest True delight In the sight  sit thee down upon this flowery bed, While I thy amiable cheeks do coy, And stick musk-roses in thy sleek, smooth head, And kiss thy fair large ears, my gentle joy. Bot.Where's Peaseblossom Peas.Ready. Bot.Scratch my head, Peaseblossom. Where's Mounsieur Cobweb Cob.Ready. Bot.Mounsieur Cobweb, good mounsieur, get you your weapons in your hand, and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle and, good mounsieur, bring me the honey-bag. Do not fret yourself too much in the action, mounsieur and, good mounsieur, have a care the honey-bag break not I would be loath to have you overflown with a honey~bag, signior. Where's Mounsieur Mustardseed Mus.Ready. Bot.Give me your neaf, Mounsieur Mus~tardseed. Pray you, leave your courtesy, good mounsieur. Mus.What's your will Bot.Nothing, good mounsieur, but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch. I must to the barber's, monsieur for methinks I am mar~vellous hairy about the face and I am such a tender ass, if my hair do but tickle me, I must scratch. Tita.What, wilt thou hear some music, my sweet love Bot.I have a reasonable good ear in music. Let's have the tongs and the bones. Tita.Or say, sweet love, what thou desirest to eat. Bot.Truly, a peck of provender I could munch your good dry oats. Methinks I have a great desire to a bottle of hay good hay, sweet hay, hath no fellow. Tita.I have a venturous fairy that shall seek The squirrel's hoard, and fetch thee new nuts. Bot.I had rather have a handful or two of dried peas. But, I pray you, let none of your people stir me I have an exposition of sleep come upon me. Tita.Sleep thou, and I will wind thee in my arms. Fairies, be gone, and be all ways  doth the woodbine the sweet honeysuckle Gentle entwist the female ivy so Enrings the barky fingers of the elm. O, how I love thee! how I dote on thee. They  good Robin. See'st thou this sweet sight Her dotage now I do begin to pity For, meeting her of late behind the wood, Seeking sweet favors from this hateful fool, I did upbraid her and fall out with her For she his hairy temples then had rounded With coronet of fresh and fragrant flowers And that same dew, which sometime on the buds Was wont to swell like round and orient pearls, Stood now within the pretty flowerets' eyes Like tears that did their own disgrace bewail. When I had at my pleasure taunted her And she in mild terms begg'd my patience, I then did ask of her her changeling child Which straight she gave me, and her fairy sent To bear him to my bower in fairy land. And now I have the boy, I will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes And, gentle Puck, take this transformed scalp From off the head of this Athenian swain That, he awaking when the other do, May all to Athens back again repair And think no more of this night's accidents But as the fierce vexation of a dream. But first I will release the fairy queen. Be as thou wast wont to  as thou wast wont to see Dian's bud o'er Cupid's flower Hath such force and blessed power. Now, my Titania wake you, my sweet queen. Tita.My Oberon! what visions have I seen! Methought I was enamour'd of an ass. Obe.There lies your love. Tita.How came these things to pass O, how mine eyes do loathe his visage now! Obe.Silence awhile. Robin, take off this I head. Titania, music call and strike more dead Than common sleep of all these five the sense. Tita.Music, ho! music, such as charmeth  when thou wakest, with thine own fool's eyes peep.  Come, my queen, take hands with me, And rock the ground whereon these sleepers be. Now thou and I are new in amity, And will to-morrow midnight solemnly Dance in Duke Theseus' house triumphantly And bless it to all fair prosperity There shall the pairs of faithful lovers be Wedded, with Theseus, all in jollity. Puck.Fairy king, attend, and mark I do hear the morning lark. Obe.Then, my queen, in silence sad, Trip we after night's shade We the globe can compass soon, Swifter than the wandering moon. Tita.Come, my lord, and in our flight Tell me how it came this night That I sleeping here was found With these mortals on the ground.  and train. The.Go, one of you, find out the forester For now our observation is perform'd And since we have the vaward of the day, My love shall hear the music of my hounds. Uncouple in the western valley go Dispatch, I say, and find the  will, fair queen, up to the mountain's top, And mark the musical confusion Of hounds and echo in conjunction. Hip.I was with Hercules and Cadmus once, When in a wood of Crete they bay'd the bear With hounds of Sparta never did I hear Such gallant chiding for, besides the groves, The skies, the fountains, every region near Seem'd all one mutual cry I never heard So musical a discord, such sweet thunder. The.My hounds are bred out of the Spartan kind, So flew'd, so sanded, and their heads are hung With ears that sweep away the morning dew Crook-knee'd, and dew-lapp'd like Thessalian bulls Slow in pursuit, but match'd in mouth like bells, Each under each. A cry more tuneable Was never holla'd to, nor cheer'd with horn, In Crete, in Sparta, nor in Thessaly Judge when you hear. But, soft! what nymphs are these Ege.My lord, this is my daughter here asleep And this Lysander this Demetrius is This Helena, old Nedar's Helena I wonder of their being here together. The.No doubt they rose up early to observe The rite of May, and, hearing our intent, Came here in grace of our solemnity. But speak, Egeus is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice Ege.It is, my lord. The.Go, bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns. Horns and shouts  wake and start up. Good morrow, friends. Saint Valentine is past Begin these wood-birds but to couple now Lys.Pardon, my  you all, stand up. I know you two are rival enemies How comes this gentle concord in the world, That hatred is so far from jealousy, To sleep by hate, and fear no enmity Lys.My lord, I shall reply amazedly, Half sleep, half waking but as yet, I swear, I cannot truly say how I came here But, as I think,-for truly would I speak, And now I do bethink me, so it is,-~I came with Hermia hither our intent Was to be gone from Athens, where we might, Without the peril of the Athenian law. Ege.Enough, enough, my lord you have enough I beg the law, the law, upon his head. They would have stolen away they would, Demetrius, Thereby to have defeated you and me, You of your wife and me of my consent, Of my consent that she should be your wife. Dem.My lord, fair Helen told me of their stealth, Of this their purpose hither to this wood And I in fury hither follow'd them, Fair Helena in fancy following me. But, my good lord, I wot not by what power,-~But by some power it is,-my love to Hermia, Melted as the snow, seems to me now As the remembrance of an idle gaud Which in my childhood I did dote upon And all the faith, the virtue of my heart, The object and the pleasure of mine eye, Is only Helena. To her, my lord, Was I betroth'd ere I saw Hermia But, like in sickness, did I loathe this food But, as in health, come to my natural taste, Now I do wish it, love it, long for it, And will for evermore be true to it. The.Fair lovers, you are fortunately met Of this discourse we more will hear anon. Egeus, I will overbear your will For in the temple, by and by, with us These couples shall eternally be knit And, for the morning now is something worn, Our purposed hunting shall be set aside. Away with us to Athens three and three, We'll hold a feast in great solemnity. Come, Hippolyta.  and train. Dem.These things seem small and undistinguishable, Like far-off mountains turned into clouds. Her.Methinks I see these things with parted eye, When every thing seems double. Hel.So methinks And I have found Demetrius like a jewel, Mine own, and not mine own.  That yet we sleep, we dream. Do not you think The duke was here, and bid us follow him Her.Yea and my father. Hel.And Hippolyta. Lys.And he did bid us follow to the temple. Dem.Why, then, we are awake let's follow him And by the way let us recount our dreams.  my cue comes, call me, and I will answer my next is, 'Most fair Pyramus.' Heigh-ho! Peter Quince! Flute, the bellows-mender! Snout, the tinker! Star~veling! God's my life, stolen hence, and left me asleep! I have had a most rare vision. I have had a dream, past the wit of man to say what dream it was man is but an ass, if he go about to expound this dream. Methought I was-there is no man can tell what. Me~thought I was,-and methought I had,-but man is but a patched fool, if he will offer to say what methought I had. The eye of man hath not heard, the ear of man hath not seen, man's hand is not able to taste, his tongue to conceive, nor his heart to report, what my dream was. I will get Peter Quince to write a ballad of this dream it shall be called Bottom's Dream, because it hath no bottom and I will sing it in the latter end of a play, be~fore the duke peradventure, to make it the more gracious, I shall sing it at her death. Exit.   house.  you sent to Bottom's house is he come home yet Star.He cannot be heard of. Out of doubt he is transported. Flu.If he come not, then the play is marred it goes not forward, doth it Quin.It is not possible you have not a man in all Athens able to discharge Pyramus but he. Flu.No, he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in Athens. Quin.Yea, and the best person too and he is a very paramour for a sweet voice. Flu.You must say 'paragon a paramour is, God bless us, a thing of naught. Enter SNUG. Snug.Masters, the duke is coming from the temple, and there is two or three lords and ladies more married if our sport had gone forward, we had all been made men. Flu.O sweet bully Bottom! Thus hath he lost sixpence a day during his life he could not have 'scaped sixpence a day an the duke had not given him sixpence a day for playing Pyramus, I'll be hanged he would have deserved it sixpence a day in Pyramus, or nothing. Enter BOTTOM. Bot.Where are these lads where are these hearts  O most courageous day! O most happy hour! Bot.Masters, I am to discourse wonders but ask me not what for if I tell you, I am no true Athenian. I will tell you every thing, right as it fell out. Quin.Let us hear, sweet Bottom. Bot.Not a word of me. All I will tell you is, that the duke hath dined. Get your apparel together, good strings to your beards, new ribbons to your pumps meet presently at the palace every man look o'er his part for the short and the long is, our play is pre~ferred. In any case, let Thisby have clean linen and let not him that plays the lion pair his nails, for they shall hang out for the lion's claws. And, most dear actors, eat no onions nor garlic, for we are to utter sweet breath and I do not doubt but to hear them say, it is a sweet comedy. No more words away! go,  THESEUS. Enter  and Attendants. Hip.'Tis strange, my Theseus, that these lovers speak of. The.More strange than true I never may believe These antique fables, nor these fairy toys. Lovers and madmen have such seething brains, Such shaping fantasies, that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends. The lunatic, the lover and the poet Are of imagination all compact One sees more devils than vast hell can hold, That is, the madman the lover, all as frantic, Sees Helen's beauty in a brow of Egypt The poet's eye, in a fine frenzy rolling, Doth glance from heaven to earth, from earth to heaven And as imagination bodies forth The forms of things unknown, the poet's pen Turns them to shapes and gives to airy nothing A local habitation and a name. Such tricks hath strong imagination, That, if it would but apprehend some joy, It comprehends some bringer of that joy Or in the night, imagining some fear, How easy is a bush supposed a bear! Hip.But all the story of the night told over, And all their minds transfigured so together, More witnesseth than fancy's images And grows to something of great constancy But, howsoever, strange and admirable.  Accompany your hearts! Lys.More than to us Wait in your royal walks, your board, your bed! The.Come now what masques, what dances shall we have, To wear away this long age of three hours Between our after-supper and bed-time Where is our usual manager of mirth What revels are in hand Is there no play, To ease the anguish of a torturing hour Call Philostrate. Phil.Here, mighty Theseus. The.Say, what abridgement have you for this evening What masque what music How shall we beguile The lazy time, if not with some delight Phil.There is a brief how many sports are ripe Make choice of which your highness will see first.  eunuch to the harp.' We'll none of that that have I told my love, In glory of my kinsman Hercules.   singer in their rage.' That is an old device and it was play'd When I from Thebes came last a  three Muses for  deceased in beggary.' That is some satire, keen and critical, Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony.  scene of young Pyramus And  very tragical mirth.' Merry and tragical! tedious and brief! That is, hot ice and wondrous strange snow. How shall we find the concord of this discord Phil.A play there is, my lord, some ten words long, Which is as brief as I have known a play But by ten words, my lord, it is too long, Which makes it tedious for in all the play There is not one word apt, one player fitted And tragical, my noble lord, it is For Pyramus therein doth kill himself. Which, when I saw rehearsed, I must confess, Made mine eyes water but more merry tears The passion of loud laughter never shed. The.What are they that do play it Phil.Hard-handed men that work in Athens here, Which never labor'd in their minds till now, And now have toil'd their unbreathed memories With this same play, against your nuptial. The.And we will hear it. Phil.No, my noble lord It is not for you I have heard it over, And it is nothing, nothing in the world Unless you can find sport in their intents, Extremely stretch'd and conn'd with cruel pain, To do you service. The.I will hear that play For never anything can be amiss, When simpleness and duty tender it. Go, bring them in and take your places, ladies. Exit Philostrate. Hip.I love not to see wretchedness o'ercharged And duty in his service perishing. The.Why, gentle sweet, you shall see no such thing. Hip.He says they can do nothing in this kind. The.The kinder we, to give them thanks for nothing. Our sport shall be to take what they mistake And what poor duty cannot do, noble respect Takes it in might, not merit. Where I have come, great clerks have purposed To greet me with premeditated welcomes Where I have seen them shiver and look pale, Make periods in the midst of sentences, Throttle their practised accent in their fears And in conclusion dumbly have broke off, Not paying me a welcome. Trust me, sweet, Out of this silence yet I pick'd a welcome And in the modesty of fearful duty I read as much from the rattling tongue Of saucy and audacious eloquence. Love, therefore, and tongue-tied simplicity In least speak most, to my capacity.  please your grace, the Prologue is address'd. The. Let him approach.  fellow doth not stand upon points. Lys.He hath rid his prologue like a rough colt he knows not the stop. A good moral, my lord it is not enough to speak, but to speak true. Hip.Indeed he hath played on his prologue like a child on a recorder a sound, but not in government. The.His speech was like a tangled chain nothing impaired, but all disordered. Who is next Enter  perchance you wonder at this show But wonder on, till truth make all things plain. This man is Pyramus, if you would know This beauteous lady Thisby is certain. This man, with lime and rough-cast, doth present Wall, that vile Wall which did these lovers sunder And through Wall's chink, poor souls, they are content To whisper. At the which let no man wonder. This man, with lanthorn, dog, and bush of thorn, Presenteth Moonshine for, if you will know, By moonshine did these lovers think no scorn To meet at Ninus' tomb, there, there to woo. This grisly beast,  trusty Thisby, coming first by night, Did scare away, or rather did affright And, as she fled, her mantle she did fall, Which Lion vile with bloody mouth did stain. Anon comes Pyramus, sweet youth and tall, And finds his trusty Thisby's mantle slain Whereat, with blade, with bloody blameful blade, He bravely broach'd his boiling bloody breast And Thisby, tarrying in mulberry shade, His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest, Let Lion, Moonshine, Wall, and lovers twain At large discourse, while here they do remain, Exeunt  Moonshine. The.I wonder if the lion be to speak. Dem.No wonder, my lord one lion may, when many asses do. Wall.In this same interlude it doth befall That I, one Snout by name, present a wall And such a wall, as I would have you think, That had in it a crannied hole or chink, Through which the lovers, Pyramus and Thisby, Did whisper often very secretly. This loam, this rough-cast and this stone doth show That I am that same wall the truth is so And this the cranny is, right and sinister, Through which the fearful lovers are to whisper. The.Would you desire lime and hair to speak better Dem.It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard discourse, my  draws near the wall  grim-look'd night! O night with hue so black! O night, which ever art when day is not! O night, O night! alack, alack, alack, I fear my Thisby's promise is forgot! And thou, O wall, O sweet, O lovely wall, That stand'st between her father's ground and mine! Thou wall, O wall, O sweet and lovely wall, Show me thy chink, to blink through with mine eyne! Wall  courteous wall Jove shield thee well for this! But what see I No Thisby do I see. O wicked wall, through whom I see no bliss! Curst be thy stones for thus deceiving me! The.The wall, methinks, being sensible, should curse again. Pyr.No. in truth, sir, he should not. 'De~ceiving me' is Thisby's cue she is to enter now, and I am to spy her through the wall. You shall see, it will fall pat as I told you. Yonder she comes. Enter  wall, full often hast thou heard my moans, For parting my fair Pyramus and me! My cherry lips have often kiss'd thy stones, Thy stones with lime and hair knit up in thee. Pyr.I see a voice now will I to the chink, To spy an I can hear my Thisby's face.e. Thisby! This.My love thou art, my love I think. Pyr.Think what thou wilt, I am thy lover's grace And, like Limander, am I trusty still. This.And I like Helen, till the Fates me kill. Pyr.Not Shafalus to Procrus was so true. This.As Shafalus to Procrus, I to you. Pyr.O, kiss me through the hole of this vile wall! This.I kiss the wall's hole, not your lips at all. Pyr.Wilt thou at Ninny's tomb meet me straightway This.'Tide life, 'tide death, I come without delay.  have I, Wall, my part discharged so And, being done, thus Wall away doth go.  is the mural down between the two neighbours. Dem.No remedy, my lord, when walls are so wilful to hear without warning. Hip.This is the silliest stuff that ever I heard. The.The best in this kind are but shadows and the worst are no worse, if imagination amend them. Hip.It must be your imagination then, and not theirs. The.If we imagine no worse of them than they of themselves, they may pass for excel~lent men. Here come two noble beasts in, a man and a  ladies, you, whose gentle hearts do fear The smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor, May now perchance both quake and tremble here, When lion rough in wildest rage doth roar. Then know that I, one Snug the joiner, am A lion-fell, nor else no lion's dam For, if I should as lion come in strife Into this place, 'twere pity on my life. The.A very gentle beast, and of a good conscience. Dem.The very best at a beast, my lord, that e'er I saw. Lys.This lion is a very fox for his valor. The.True and a goose for his discretion. Dem.Not so, my lord for his valor can~not carry his discretion and the fox carries the goose. The.His discretion, I am sure, cannot carry his valor for the goose carries not the fox. It is well leave it to his discretion, and let us listen to the moon. Moon.This lanthorn doth the horned moon present -~ Dem.He should have worn the horns on his head. The.He is no crescent, and his horns are invisible within the circumference. Moon.This lanthorn doth the horned moon present Myself the man i' the moon do seem to be. The.This is the greatest error of all the rest the man should be put into the lanthorn. How is it else the man i' the moon Dem.He dares not come there for the candle for, you see, it is already in snuff. Hip.I am aweary of this moon would he would change! The.It appears, by his small light of dis~cretion, that he is in the wane but yet, in courtesy, in all reason, we must stay the time. Lys.Proceed, Moon. Moon.All that I have to say, is, to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon I, the man in the moon this thorn-bush, my thorn-bush and this dog, my dog. Dem.Why, all these should be in the lan~thorn for these are in the moon. But, silence! here  is old Ninny's tomb. Where is my love  roared, Lion. The.Well run, Thisbe. Hip.Well shone, Moon. Truly, the moon shines with a good grace.  thee for thy sunny beams I thank thee, Moon, for shining now so bright For, by thy gracious, golden, glittering gleams, I trust to take of true Thisby sight. But stay, O spite! But mark, poor knight, What dreadful dole is here! Eyes, do you see How can it be O dainty duck! O dear! Thy mantle good, What, stain'd with blood! Approach, ye Furies  come, come, Cut thread and thrum Quail, crush, conclude, and quell! The.This passion, and the death of a dear friend, would go near to make a man look sad. Hip.Beshrew my heart, but I pity the man. Pyr.O wherefore, Nature, didst thou lions frame Since lion vile hath here deflower'd my dear Which is-no, no-which was the fairest dame That lived, that loved, that liked, that look'd with cheer. Come, tears, confound Out, sword, and wound The pap of Pyramus Ay, that left pap, Where heart doth  die I, thus, thus, thus. Now am I dead, Now am I fled My soul is in the sky Tongue, lose thy light Moon, take thy  die, die, die, die, die.  die, but an ace, for him for he is but one. Lys.Less than an ace, man for he is dead he is nothing. The.With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover, and prove an ass. Hip.How chance Moonshine is gone be~fore Thisbe comes back and finds her lover The.She will find him by starlight. Here she comes and her passion ends the  she should not use a long one for such a Pyramus I hope she will be brief. Dem.A mote will turn the balance, which Pyramus, which Thisbe, is the better  thus she  my love What, dead, my dove O Pyramus, arise! Speak, speak. Quite dumb Dead, dead A tomb Must cover thy sweet eyes. These lily lips, This cherry nose, These yellow cowslip cheeks, Are gone, are gone Lovers, make moan His eyes were green as leeks. O Sisters Three, Come, come to me, With hands as pale as milk Lay them in gore, Since you have shore With shears his thread of  not a word Come, trusty sword Come, blade, my breast imbrue And, farewell, friends Thus Thisby ends Adieu, adieu, adieu.  and Lion are left to bury the dead. Dem.Ay, and Wall too.  I assure you the wall is down that parted their fathers. Will it please you to see the epilogue, or to hear a Bergomask dance between two of our company The.No epilogue, I pray you for your play needs no excuse. Never excuse for when the players are all dead, there need none to be blamed. Marry, if he that writ it had played Pyramus and hanged himself in Thisbe's garter, it would have been a fine tragedy and so it is, truly and very notably discharged. But, come, your Bergomask let your epilogue alone.one.  iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve Lovers, to bed 'tis almost fairy time. I fear we shall out-sleep the coming morn As much as we this night have overwatch'd. This palpable-gross play hath well beguiled The heavy gait of night. Sweet friends, to bed. A fortnight hold we this solemnity, In nightly revels and new  Puck.Now the hungry lion roars And the wolf behowls the moon Whilst the heavy ploughman snores, All with weary task fordone. Now the wasted brands do glow, Whilst the screech-owl, screeching loud, Puts the wretch that lies in woe In remembrance of a shroud. Now it is the time of night That the graves all gaping wide, Every one lets forth his sprite, In the church-way paths to glide And we fairies, that do run By the triple Hecate's team, From the presence of the sun, Following darkness like a dream, Now are frolic not a mouse Shall disturb this hallow'd house I am sent with broom before, To sweep the dust behind the door. Enter  train. Obe.Through the house give glimmering light, By the dead and drowsy fire Every elf and fairy sprite Hop as light as bird from brier And this ditty, after me, Sing, and dance it trippingly. Tita.First, rehearse your song by rote, To each word a warbling note Hand in hand, with fairy grace, Will we sing, and bless this place.  until the break of day, Through this house each fairy stray. To the best bride-bed will we, Which by us shall blessed be And the issue there create Ever shall be fortunate. So shall all the couples three Ever true in loving be And the blots of Nature's hand Shall not in their issue stand Never mole, hare lip, nor scar, Nor mark prodigious, such as are Despised in nativity, Shall upon their children be. With this field-dew consecrate, Every fairy take his gait And each several chamber bless, Through this palace, with sweet peace  safety  Meet me all by break 